This was definitely a page-turning mystery.  I read it while on vacation and could hardly put it down.  It was difficult to anticipate what would occur next--just what I want in a mystery.
completely twisted but a page turner! you will not want to put this book down even if you dont particularly like either of the characters. very interesting plot and the author really knows how to keep you guessing.
I felt that the story abrupt ended.Perhaps the author is thinking about a review.The book ends up being a comedy
This book gives new meaning to "can't put it down."  With characters you love to hate, the plot twists and turns are amazing.  Yes, the central characters--one in particular--are sick people (both protagonists and antagonists in one) and no, you won't relate to them (if you do, perhaps you should be committed), but everything still feels, well, real, somehow.  The ending has gotten some negatives from readers, but I liked it.  The breathtaking finale was masterfully conceived and written, and not the cliche TV movie ending that some readers might prefer.  Go read it and know you are in the hands of an author who knows how to tell a story and creep you out at the same time.
Gone Girl is one of those books that keeps you thinking about it and examining your own character and inner thoughts long after you put it down - if you can put it down.  It is well written and I can't say more because it would give the story away.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn was a thought-provoking, dual perspective, mystery with a twist. Numerous reviewers have discussed the plot of the novel, so I will give my overall thoughts.Gone Girl definitely held my interest. From chapter to chapter, especially in the beginning, I kept switching my opinion as to which character was to be believed and trusted. I liked that my opinion kept changing. A story has not done that for me in a very long time.The alternating chapters offered insight based on that character's assessment and the reader had to decide what was real and what was bias.The book was an easy, enjoyable read. In parts, reality must be suspended as to the great lengths gone to in order to ensure retribution for acts deemed unacceptable. I willingly did just that in order to escape inside this story.On the other hand, I wanted to like both of the main characters more, and at the risk of spoiling the ending, I will only say that I wish that there was a better resolution. The author has left the door open for a sequel, but I always prefer to have an unequivocal ending. The evil character deserves punishment and the "good" or "innocent" should be redeemed. I was disappointed that it wasn't the case with this novel. However, the book is one that I will remember and highly recommend.
What a shame that a good story idea is rather poorly written. The two main characters (husband/wife) read like the same person and not developed well. I just don't understand the HYPE on this book.
Loved this book. In the begining I thought her charactor was a little whimpy but after the books moves forward I was surprised and amused at where her charactor went. I wouldn't want to be in her social circle but she was definately an interesting charactor!! I felt the same about him as well and I know that some people hated the book for it's ending but I liked it. I thought they deserved each other.
I read Gone Girl for my book club. We will be discussing it next week. At first I was so impressed by the selection. The writer is very talented and certainly has a way with words and is very creative. It was fun to read a different genre than I usually do. I liked how she alternated the two main characters, both telling the story. I have to say though, that both main characters were very unlikeable. Even the other characters in the book were not very loveable. So I wasn't really rooting for anyone. I agree with a lot of the reviews about the ending. I was surprised how she ended it. It as unsatisfying and sick. A let down for sure. I am glad that I read it, and would recommend it, but there was definitely something lacking.
Koontz and King often write about the horror of supernatural forces that threaten our safety. Flynn, in this hybrid crime and psychological suspense thriller, creates an electrifying, macabre tale primarily out of the dissection of a marriage, the real goo and gore that can tear us apart. It thrusts the reader into intoxicating madness and exposes the most private, shameful secrets of a relationship. Written in chapters alternating in the convincing voices of Nick and Amy, the story is packed with a jet-fueled, wickedly dark plot without sacrifice of character. Did you hear the rumble and see the flames? That was me turning the pages as they lit my fingers on fire.Amy and Nick both lost jobs as magazine writers in New York, a diminishing returns profession due to the rise and expansion of the Internet. Amy is a trust fund baby, the daughter of psychologists and writers of a once famous children's book series named after her. Nick's childhood was pretty grim. They reluctantly move back to Nick's decaying hometown in northeastern Missouri, (near Mark Twain's hometown of Hannibal), to care for Nick's ill mother and oversee the care of Nick's father, who suffers from Alzheimer's and lives in a nursing home.Nick buys a bar with his twin sister, Margo (Go), and Amy stays at home, still jobless. On the afternoon of their fifth wedding anniversary, Amy has gone missing after an apparently violent struggle. As the police investigate the kidnapping of Amy, the story soon goes viral. Contained pandemonium ensues.The author ably injects the inflammatory bottom-feeders of mainstream media and the voices of the Internet--the new vanguard of crime-watchers-- to demonstrate that in the 21st century, everyone's an expert and everybody has an opinion. Adamant, boisterous, and scouring cries predominate--where conjecture rules and the crowd buzzes on blogs, vlogs, tweets, and Facebook.The less you know about the details of this book, the more you benefit from the harrowing twists and turns. Flynn has a phenomenal grasp of character. She never takes the easy way out, nor does she use clich&eacute;s or stockroom phrasing. Her characters--primary, secondary, even tertiary-- are authentic, and she has done her homework on the unstable ones. As a psychiatric nurse, I often suffer from occupational hazard in the reading room. I've read too many inaccurate profiles of unbalanced characters that seem borrowed and hackneyed. Flynn avoids stereotypes. Her characters are organically portrayed, heads and hearts projecting like rockets from the pages. The plot sizzles with a sense of immediacy, led by the people who populate it.I love this book. I don't typically wax on about a crime thriller, not since Tana French's IN THE WOODS and THE LIKENESS. GONE GIRL is smart, disturbing, witty, arresting, wily, and unruly. Flynn's provocative approach is bald but cultivated, naked but well groomed. It is hip and edgy without calling attention to itself, reminding me a bit of Christopher Bollen's lugubrious style in LIGHTNING PEOPLE. Quotable passages blend with a brisk, billion-watt plot. She never lets up or gets cozy; a crown of thorns with extra spikes awaits you. Ouch!
Very hard to put down. Just when I thought I had it figured out, something would change my mind completely. I could imagine this happening in real life, frightening!
Several members of my book club had read this book over the summer and came back in September with rave reviews - a "gotta read."  But, truthfully, I was wondering what all the fuss was about until I hit page 51 and then all hell broke loose.  It's a real page turner, full of twists and turns, going at breakneck speed or maybe that was just me - I couldn't turn the pages fast enough.  Several times I thought I had figured it out but then the author throws in another twist. It's an interesting study of some very sick and diabolical personalties and it's up to the reader to figure out which ones they are.  Without spoiling, it does contain some raw language and sexual content and I did hate the ending.  However, true to the rest of the book, it's another twist. You have to respect the writer who is bold enough to do the unexpected.
Just when you think you know what is going on everything does a 180! I could not put this down even for a second! Although I loved it, I did find the ending a bit dull.
Excellent read had be gripped from beginning to end. Would highly recommend this book. Gillian Flynn writes wonderfully keep you gripped to the story.
I got this book because people were raving about it.  I am totally perplexed by what made it such a great  book.  It was boring, the premise was not believable from the very beginning, there was nothing about the characters that made me want to learn more about them. If you want suspense give me a Linwood Barclay book any day over this author.
I don't usually read a thiller or mystery but this one was capitvating and suspenseful. I thought that the style of showing both characters inner monologue was well done and really gave the reader that omnipresence in a story that keeps twisting and surprising.
Like many others, I could not put down &#34;Gone Girl&#34; once I started it. I actually read almost entirely non-fiction, but I heard good things about &#34;Gone Girl,&#34; so I gave it a try. Plenty of red herrings and sharp turns keep it fresh and interesting for the first two acts, as well as fully-realized, engaging lead characters. However, the third act is comparatively weak and collapses under the weight of the sheer number of twists. Although the ending was disappointing, I still recommend it as a quick, engaging read.
TERRIFIC!  I would read it again in a heartbeat and recommend it to friends.  Very enjoyable.  Suspenseful, heartbreaking, a page turner.
Brilliant at the beginning and then completely falls apart at the end.  Goes from an intense psychological suspense novel to something so bizarre and outrageous you just don't care anymore.
This is a fascinating story about two people who on the surface are quite ordinary, though we learn that Amazing Amy is much more than just ordinary. Some might not like the ending, but I thought it was fitting and definitely made me think about all the permutations of character develop that could occur in another novel. I can't wait to read other novels by this author.
"Gone Girl" by Gillian Flynn starts off like a roller coaster and accelerates from there. It's the story of a handsome midwestern boy (Nick) and a beautiful rich NYC girl (Amy) and their golden and then gutted marriage, all of which comes to a crashing halt when Amy disappears mysteriously and possibly violently, the morning of their fifth anniversary."The sun climbed over the skyline of oaks, revealing its full summer angry-god self."I enjoyed GG's witty, modern, pop culture-full prose for about 50 pages and then got so irritated, I actually gave up on it, and only went back because my sister said she was so thrilled by the racing plot. Well it's easy and fast to read, I'll give you that, and there are some great lines."...those heavy-lidded moonrise eyes taking me in, making me feel seen.""Wickshire Academy...always with autumn colors in the background, as if the school were based not in a town but in a month. October.""...her carefully dressed triplets bumping along behind her like kite ribbons."But there were too many simplicities, too many irritating "oh no, he's going to do that?!" too many plot points that made no sense (these examples aren't spoilers, don't worry: Nick's inability to send the casserole woman on her way, his unexplained disposable phone, Amy's uncharacteristic Ozark debacle).The shift in POV between Amy and Nick is done really cleverly, and my opinions about the characters changed dramatically as the plot thickened, but Amy's character ends up becoming over the top and unbelievable and simplistic after the first third of the book. Another character, Desi, is even more caricatured and irritating. No one (except for maybe Go, Nick's twin sister) feels like a real person because they're foils and tools and stick figures (and we're often told how to feel about them).The plot itself just gets weirder and more coinkidinky. It's meant to encapsulate America's reality TV/crime show/talk show proclivities, but as popular as these are, they don't portray real thoughtful stories. They're mostly outrageous and sensationalist. I don't watch any of these shows which probably explains why I wouldn't read another of Ms. Flynn's books. But she's an able funny writer with a dark and racing writing style. I can see why her work is popular.
Everything about the book is negative.  I spent the first half wondering why I'm reading a by-the-books "suspense" novel, especially when it's so negative.  What was I suppose to be hoping would happen?  I had no idea.  Then the twists started, and it was somewhat interesting, only piled on with more negativity.  Then the lousy ending: a chance for some redemption, but you get nothing.  You just feel cheated at the end.  So that's hours spent mired in negativity with no payoff at the end.  I mean, I GET the end.  But it's a cop out.  For such a "smart" book, she opted for a snarky ending rather than do the work to make it interesting.  Not smart or funny.  Find something better to read.  It shouldn't be hard.
Flynn's latest has you guessing from the very first page. The narration of her characters keeps switching from Amy to Nick, both in the past and present, along with keeping you from deciding who was the protagonist and the antagonist. Although the plot gets very thick but is extremely well planned out by the author, because you can't help placing yourself in each of the characters' shoes trying to uncover the one base that was missed and bringing an end to the whole mess. The ending was disappointing, because of all the build up of anger and injustice... but appeases the character's personalities perfectly... these two are both locked into this sick and twisted marriage without any prospect of ever changing.
(minor spoilers)Amy goes missing on her fifth marriage anniversary, and as the police start investigating, suspicion begins to zero in on her husband, Nick. There are signs of a struggle in their house, overturned furniture that looks like it was overturned after the fact, broken glass, and later the police even find evidence of a sloppily cleaned-up blood stain in the house. Nick lies to the police, one lie after another, to cover up for the fact that his marriage with Amy had been on the rocks for some time. Things get worse when Nick's sister, Go (Margo), finds that he has also been having an affair with one of his students for over a year. Amy had, it seems, made one last attempt to resuscitate their marriage by leaving several clues in the form of letters, like she used to do, on the eve of their marriage anniversary. Nick figures these clues out, one after the other, but they bring him or the police no closer to cracking the case. Circumstantial evidence mounts and the rising evidence of a motive all point to Nick. Then there is the huge life insurance policy that would accrue to Nick in the event of Amy's death.Nick is a writer who had been laid off and had moved from New York to a North Carthage - a small town in Missouri by the Mississippi River. Amy had not been too happy with the move. She had been a New York girl, daughter to parents who were the picture-perfect ideal of a loving couple and doting parents, and also the authors of a successful series of books titled "Amazing Amy".The plot unfolds through two alternating first-person narratives - one is Nick's, and the other is Amy's, told through a diary she kept over the years. The diary tells of a doting husband who began to unravel as his career skidded off the rails. It tells of a loving wife increasingly scared of her husband.As all good thrillers go, there is a major twist in the tale in this one also. While the ending will leave most people wanting to tear their hair out in frustration, the rest of the book proceeds at a fast clip, the plot unravels as the reader goes through the pages, and later the loose ends are begun to be tied up in the latter half. The characters are sharply etched, though not really fully fleshed out, and in some ways behave in predictable and mostly one-dimensional ways. In a short caper of this kind, perhaps more depth is not needed. Most of the props and characters that make an appearance in the novel are put to use later in the plot - a sine qua non for a good thriller.A mostly enjoyable caper with a couple of twists in the tale make it a mostly satisfying read.
It's been a while since I read a book that made me want to stay up all night and keep on reading. I loved the plot and the suspense. The flow is just awesome. I would recommend this book to anyone.
This book was amazing. It was the only book that every single member of my book club finished (even before the meeting). At first I was kind of bored with it and hated Nick then I got to around page 200 and it was holt s*** and I could not stop reading. I stayed up all night reading it and went into work with less than two hours of sleep.I don't want to give away the surprise ending but overall both characters were horrible people and completely insufferable. Neither had an redeeming qualities to speak of and I think they made the book fantastic and so rare because you were rooting for either of them to succeed in the plans. I can't wait to see the movie and I've already bought some of this author's other books.
This book was so hard for me to read. I love to read! I would read a book a day if I had time for it - this book is one that I wanted to put down and never pick up again. I forced myself to finish it since I was reading it for a book club, but I won't have a rave review at our next meeting....sorry, just not my style.
The author did a good job with her research, and being in law enforcement I saw it. The book kept me on the edge of my seat, and I was sold as soon as I read the first paragraph of the second section! Do yourself a favor and get this book.
I'd heard this was a great "murder mystery" book, but it was really so much more. It took me a few chapters to really get sucked in, but once I was t by ere was no going back. This book was gripping in a way I never could have imagined. Amazing on so many levels.
I loved how the book started, and the plot thickened till the twist in the second chapter turned it all upside down which was great. However, later on the plot became so weak that my inner Stanislavsky did not even bothered to shout "I don't believe" - it was beyond unbelivable. I skimmed through the rest of the book just to know how it ends. Can't say that I was disappointed because I already read unfavorable reviews and was half-prepared - and yes, they were right.
I liked the book, although it was not my favorite read.  Flynn does know how to maintain the reader's interest most of the time, but sometimes the rythm becomes too slow.
I have to say this book had me hooked. It has twist and turns that will makes you want to get to the big finish! Then it falls flat I actually thought something happened I missed the last page.  But nope it ended all the build up this detailed story with all its twist and turns finished at a dead end. Made me wish I did not even start it.
I think part of the problem is all of the hype surrounding this book.  It was described as 'smart and savy' with 'cunning plot twists'.  That raised my hopes and expectations.Not to be funny, but if you have even half a brain, you will see EVERY plot twist coming from MILES away.  I think if you're very young, or just haven't read very many books - you'll probably enjoy this.  But if you're even slightly well read you'll just feel like you've wasted a number of hours of your life on reading this that would have been better spent doing something else.
This story is told by 2 people - the husband as the narrator and the wife - starts out with her diary writing and then at the end she also has her own narrative.  This type of narrating was something I did not prefer as the book started - however, the opinion and feeling of both characters is critical to make this story intense.As I read the story, my like or dislike for each character changed to many times, which is something I have not felt in a story before.  In the end, I think the husband prevailed - but definitely not innocent.The twist and turns in this book are good. I think the first 50% of the book is slower - however, it is setting the scene for the 2nd half.I did enjoy the book - but I would say it was a favorite of mine.  Worth the read if you like a little suspense and mystery without any blood or grotesque details.
I loved the twists and turns in this story. It kept me guessing right up to the end, and even afterward.
As one of my friends described it....the story was twisted.  Yes.  If you read or watch a lot of crime tv, true crime or otherwise, you will have the book figured out pretty quickly as it is predictable, which I'm sure the author did not expect.  If you are new to crime then you will enjoy the book for what it is, a twisted tale of some incredibly flawed characters, lots of twists and turns, a real page turner.  But for me...I just wanted to get to the end already, and even for those who liked the book in my club, the end was....a resounding 'not good'.
Good story with plenty of plot twists. No real redeeming message and a little short on character development. Will no doubt be seen on some beaches this summer as a nice easygoing summer read.
I really wanted to like this book as it has many good reviews and has been a bestseller.  However, in the end, I just did not like it.  The book was well-written and had an original story, but the two main characters did not have one redeeming quality between the two of them so they were hard to like or even care about.  I almost found it to be a chore to read the last part of the book.  But I did finish it because it was like watching a train wreck, I needed to see what happened.  The ending was terrible, and I asked myself why I wasted my time reading this book.
Urban couple marry, she's cool, he's good looking and has a good job. Her cool was contrived and she drops it while his job is lost and they move to Missouri. They both become increasingly critical of the other but differently. Here's the part that's good. The chapters alternate from her point of view to his but you have to notice the chapter date. They rarely note the same thing at the same time. As the chapters unfold these people change before our eyes, he fairly predictably, she not at all.Her behavior will grab you about the time you thought you might stop reading. The pace accelerates into newer and newer terratory.One caveat; you may not want to read this if you are having marital trouble and deffinitely do not allow your spouse to read if you are.
The story line was interesting but it just seemed to drag in a few spots.  In the beginning and then it really drug toward the end.
This well written and intricately woven novel gives us two married and memorable creeps, who deserve each other. They charm and beguile us by degree, and we, the discerning reader, vacillate between the two, deciding who is victim and who is the perp, only to have this wholly undone, in the very next chapter. I kept hearing the voice on my Garmin say "RECALCULATING", in her exasperated tone, as Ms Flynn toyed with my flimsy assumptions. And this in itself is the very subject of her book! Psychopaths are often gifted with a winning credulity, and the sneaky tricks the author deploys to manipulate us, are the same sneaky subterfuges that the couple use on each other, as well as all the gullible characters in the book. When the book was over I felt duped by what I thought was a fairly contrived ending, until I was forced to concede that this was also genius! Tied up in a Gordian Knot of their own making, eating each other alive for eternity!
I really enjoyed reading this book and the story was very on the edge of your seat and twisted throughout the entire book, however, even a few weeks after reading this, I have qualms concerning the ending. I don't know how I would have liked it end differently exactly, I just know that I didn't care for the ending.Nick was your typical male character that I neither adored or despised. He was just an ordinary character to me. As for Amy, as I read more of the story, I disliked Amy more and more, especially at the end! I think my favorite character of the book was Nick's sister!I liked how the story went in one direction for the first half of the book and then did a total 360 in the second half and switched gears! That kept you interested and starting enlightening you on all of the things you were confused about in the first part.I believe that Gillian Flynn did a wonderful job of carrying the reader along in trying to figure out what was going to happen and at the precise moment you thought you had it figured out, she through a totally different loop at you!I found myself having a hard time putting this book down and can't wait to read more books from Ms. Flynn!
Loved the book.  Hated the ending.  And by hated, I mean I passionately hated the ending.  I understand why I've seen that the end of the movie had to be rewritten.  The author did a great job with character development - which is what made the ending so emotional.  Not sure I'll be able to sit through the movie now.....
Yes it was a fast reading, interesting story, sometimes it looks unreal to me when somebody is so manipulative like a main character. It's not the type of book I like to read, I usually like to read something I can learn from. This was just the mystery book not bad if you like these types of stories.
A good book to read at the beach, not terribly complicated but enough to suspense to keep you turning the pages.
I was hooked by this book from the first few pages....the ending was such a let down, I was very disappointed.
Part of the reason I'd read it as quickly as I cold, was because I wanted to get to the dramatic, unbelievably plot twists that other reviewers kept writing angry reviews about. I know others had claimed major dissatisfaction with the ending as well, so I wanted to read about that too.The first half of the book is really engaging. The chapters alternate between the husband's POV and the missing wife's diary. The author did an excellent job of making you sympathize with whichever character's point of view you were reading at the time.Then about halfway through the book is when you get the major plot twist that I assume other reviewers have buzzed about. I didn't find it unbelievable, no. In fact, I was surprised that so many people had such a problem with it.As far as the ending... I can see why that's the one thing you'll hear the most complaints about here. I don't want to spoil the ending. It is the type of ending that I would normally be up-in-arms about as well, but with this book, it actually works for me. The husband's motivation, at the end, for choosing to do what he did, seemed a little muddled and convenient (for the author), so I lost a little believability there. Like "Oh, he's going to...? Why again? Oh... I... GUESS I get it?"Nonetheless, I recommend this book. Like the "Most Helpful Review" says, stop reading reviews about this book, and just read the book.
BE ADVISED - SOME SPOILERS.  I loved Dark Places, and I loved Sharp Objects.  Those two books exhibited an intimacy with the setting, local customs and characters, which made not only the stories unique, but reading them so thrilling and engrossing.  The writing was so fresh, so sharp in those books.  The two books were unlike anything I had read before.  Gillian Flynn wasn't afraid, and I applauded her audacity not to shy away from writing about the grotesque.  But I felt with this book she was stretching, that it wasn't territory she was familiar with, and I could sense the effort.  Even with the writing, the fluidity and ease were not there.  This book just doesn't seem like her.  The story was too clich&eacute;, ESPECIALLY BECAUSE OF THE TWIST.  Genuine Gillian Flynn would have done something marvelous, completely satisfying, totally unpredictable and would have completely blindsided the reader like Desi Collins outwitting Amy so she could never escape (with him acknowledging what a psychopath she was), or have Nick be a chilling psychopath, as vain and as clever as Amy.  The praise this book has received really bothers me, because it is so sub-par in comparison to her other two books.  I know this book will launch Gillian Flynn, because it is cookie-cutter, but it was a huge disappointment.  Girl Gone was very easy to read at times, very tedious to read at times, very staid at times (especially the police procedure stuff - yawn) and some parts seemed unfinished.  The hoax diary should have been more obvious that it was a hoax diary.  It was just not consistent with the story.  The one observation that rang true for me was Nick's statement that Amy could not discern BS.  She was gullible to the weight of her ego.  She was completely oblivious to her faults.  This should have been reflected in the diary entries, but they were written with an acute knowledge of the human psyche, they knew what normal was, they were intended to mislead (the reader NOT the police), and in this, the story failed, because Gillian Flynn didn't trust her audience; she needed a red herring.  Story of Nick, who has secrets.  He is accused of the murder of his wife.  Amy presents herself through diary entries - she is the only child after so many miscarriages, and the basis for a series of books called Amazing Amy.  Amy is wealthy, beautiful, brilliant, and she loves Nick.  She had not wanted to move to Missouri after she and Nick had lost their jobs.  She hoped things would get better.  There are twists, which sink your stomach, and I really hated the ending.  It just wasn't the Gillian Flynn that I loved and admired.  The ending upset me, not because of the ambiguity and immorality, but because the error was made at the beginning, and Gillian Flynn was forced into it.  After so much heaviness, you hope for a better finish.  Gillian Flynn is still a fine writer, and I hope the best for her career, but she let me down with this book.
When I first started reading this book, I thought the wife was a vacuous victim of a husband who ignores her despite her best effort. I almost stopped reading it, and then the book began a series of shocking twists and turns that made sense of the beginning and went in directions way beyond my frame of reference. I wish the ending wasn't what it was...
I have to agree with other reviewers.  I couldn't wait to get to the end to see how this whole situation would be resolved.  No spoilers here -- just save your time and money.  The ending is a total disappointment.  I felt the author didn't know how to end the novel and it just --ended.  I cannot recommend this work.
It's was a 3-4 star book. Kind of slow start and I was not a fan of the ending. Zzz
So it would seem that everybody liked Gone Girl, but me. I did read the entire book, and that's something to say for it. The beginning - the Kindle Sample - certainly raised a question of "What the hell happened to Amy?" Let's just say that $12.99 is just too steep. Really! Somebody had said something about the WOWZER ending. Hmmm. Must have missed that one. She had two big chances to really hit home runs in this book. Both times she backed away and never really let the gennie out of the bottle. Otherwise, it builds and it builds and it seems to just go on and on and Nick seems like he will never grow a spine. Oh, woe. A little of that goes a looong way. But I kept plugging away. After all this book (Kindle, hard cover, paper cover, no cover, audio) is offff the chart. And she has more. You've probably checked them out. Do so. See if you like all this hemming and hawwing and will we ever ever get there? And where is there? It's fizzle.
I don't think this book was anything special. So the main chick is a nut. There I told you the story. I didn't find it exciting or a paged turner. So hot chemistry, no real action even.The only thing I enjoyed is the style of writing. Every other chapter came from the point of view of the two main characters. OH yeah, the ending sucks. Sorry Flynn don't mean to be so hard on yah.
I am very picky when it comes to books. Usually my ratings for books are: EH. Yes that is an official rating, EH. A lot of books I read I can't wait to finish to get the torture over with so I skim through half of them. Or I read the beginning and the end to find out what happened or I read half of and go to my book club to find out the rest. With this book, I skimmed through some parts in the beginning but then it really got me interested. I don't usually read crime books so maybe I am very naive in reading it. The characters were not admirable at all. Reading these to psychos was like watching two train crashes, you just could not look away and HAD to find out what happens. The ending was even less admirable but I think it showed just how twisted the two characters are even if it is unbelievable. How do you know it is unbelievable? Are you a sociopath megalomaniac ocd liar? It was interesting, it was entertaining, what more can you ask for in a book. I couldn't wait for the train ride home so I could read. I wanted my 45 minute train ride to be longer so I could keep reading. The ending left me thinking "huh". But it left me thinking which is more than I can say for most books.
The product itself is fine...but...it took a long while to get into the book, and the ending was very disappointing.  Can't say more, or I might give it away!
Well. I read it quickly, but carefully, and it did not leave me satisfied. The author tries to accomplish something a bit different with the back and forth perspectives, and while that was a bit interesting for a while, it became stale. I found the characters mostly not believable. In fact, at the end, I thought all the  primary characters lost their ability to convince me anyone would behave as they did... even the parents and the sister. The secondary characters never lifted off the runway. "Amazing" Amy would have been much better left to the pages of her fictional world. No spoiler here, but by the time I got to the last few chapters I was laughing... and laughing derisively. Oh, no... I thought, dear Author, .. don't go there. Aw geez.. saw that coming and it's so trite. What is trumpeted as a super twisting novel with surprises that will cause the reader to 'duck!' is really a predictable  bunch of words and an extremely feeble attempt to enter the minds of some messed up people. The author did not do her due dilegence in understanding mental illness or a truly sociopathic mind. I won't bother reading any more from this author. Time not well wasted; money not well spent.
At first, I did not have any interest in reading this. I thought it was going to be cheesy. I just got married in March, and after a year of wedding planning- I didn't care to read any cheesy love story. Obviously, I had never read this author before! Love store it is not. It is a dark, twisted, keep you on the edge of your seat thriller. It's been a long time since I've encountered a novel where there are so many depths to a character you don't know who or what to believe. That's the experience each of the characters gave. You're seeing the story through their eyes, and the author does a great job of showing how point of view can really change perspectives. There were SO many twists in this novel. I actually LOVED the ending. It was an UNEXPECTED twist. For the reviews that stated she didn't know how to end the novel, so she made it a twist, which disappointed them- I wonder if she hadn't thrown that twist in there would you instead be complaining it was "predictable?" Predictable it was not. I LOVED this novel, finished it in two sittings, and will certainly venture out to read more of her work.
Enjoyed this book right up until the ending, at which point the author must have developed writer's cramp because she ended it with no warning and no resolution. It's like she wrote herself into a corner, couldn't figure out what to do, so she simply stopped. Kudos for the creativity and storyline but a big fat F for the ending.
I would actually give this book 2 1/2 stars if I could.  While it was an easy, fast-paced read, I also felt there was ultimately not much point to it.  The first half of the book was engrossing, but then it became progressively harder and harder to believe the plot twists.  The characters were fairly one dimensional too.If you're looking for a fast paced mystery (perhaps a beach read) without a lot of substance, this is your book.
It was a very unusual subject and not one I had run into.  I was quite fascinated, but was disappointed by the ending.  Still was worth reading
Loved the twists and turns this book took me on. It keeps you guessing. However, I hated the ending, it was so anticlimactic after such an intensely thrilling rlloer coaster ride.
It may have been praised by a lot of people. It may have been in the top for quite a while. This is why I bought it. Big mistake.Maybe I did not major in Literature, but I did a LOT of reading at my life, after graduating a Language high school. This book did not raise any of my interests. The plot was boring and I was not at all interested in finding out how it ended. Actually I was...I jumped directly at the last pages.There are other books, more captivating, that will not make you wonder through the minds of a mentally-troubled woman.
I enjoyed the story, I was intrigued by the plot.  I hated, absolutely hated, the female character.  Flynn managed to write a character I found so despicable I literally closed the book angry.  I even re-read it to make sure I wasn't biased and hated her all over again.  Wow, good job.
One crazy coincidence after another- one crazy convenient plot twist- everything too outlandish. But the ending is what really disappointed me. I had heard the story "ended with an incredible punch".  Yawn. It was like the author got tired of the book. The ending of the book is so ridiculous.  Completely silly list of events.  I got this at the library, too- I'm glad I did not buy it.
This book was very addictive - hard to out down and does not stop surprising the reader.  We read this for my book club and I would recommend it to anyone considering it.
OMG. AMAZING. this book was so captivating and filled with twists and turns. I liked both Dark Places and Sharp Objects. But I looooovvvvvvveeeeeee Gone Girl. The twisted minds of the two main characters Amy and Nick are just, indescribable!!!!!!!  Never a dull moment in this book. From the beginning to the crazy surprise end!!!!!!!!!!
I read this book with my book club.We all loved the beginning but quickly became disappointed when the plot and characters took a turn towards the ridiculous.I am glad I read it though because there was tremendous buzz about this book and I would still be wondering!
Even though this is the 3rd novel penned by Gillian Flynn, "Gone Girl" is my first introduction to this wickedly gifted writer. "Gone Girl" has strong character development, unlikable characters (which didn't bother me in the least), and multiple twists and turns throughout this 400+ masterpiece. Yes, I think "Gone Girl" is a masterpiece. I haven't enjoyed reading a novel this much in a long, long time. "Gone Girl" is entertaining and deeply twisted. Nick and Amy Dunne have pretty much no redeeming qualities but who cares! Nick is a complainer, a coward, and is afraid of ending up like his cold, indifferent father. Amy is well...manipulative, sociopathic, and outrageously humorous. Gillian Flynn could've easily made Nick and Amy into a sweet and wholesome married couple but that isn't much of a story right? Nick and Amy are deeply flawed. Amy craves perfection, being right, and winning at any cost. Nick doesn't realize how calculated Amy really is until it's too late. I know everyone is moaning about the ending but you have to admit, the ending isn't predictable. Sometimes people who are deeply flawed don't really change in the end. They pretty much get worse which is true in life. "Gone Girl" is a brilliant and blistering novel from start to finish. I can't wait to start reading "Sharp Objects" and "Dark Places". I highly recommend this compelling piece of art. Enjoy!
This is one of the best books I have read in a long time, save for the ending.  I really enjoyed the contrast between the husband's chapters and the wife's.  Her writing style kept me interested and the storyline was great.  I am really surprised to see there are people who have given the book 1 or 2 stars.  I am an avid reader and don't often write a review, but after reading this I decided to check out another of her books.  I really do love her style, but she's got to learn how to write a better ending.
This story really keeps you reading to see what new twists will arise. You'll want to keep reading to the end to hear the surprise twist!
First of all, no spoilers here, so don't worry. I found Gone Girl to be very engrossing; like others said, the first part was a little slow for me, but once Part 2 started, I couldn't put it down. There were so many plot twists, and the way the story alternates between the husband and the wife's points of views, leaving you on a cliffhanger with each change of narrator, really keeps you reading. The author is very good at pulling you in, manipulating your emotions towards each character (which will change a few times throughout the novel).The only reason I didn't give this book 5 stars is because I found the ending to be very unsatisfying. I also found the novel as a whole to be incredibly dark, almost depressing. That would've been easier to deal with if it had ended in a satisfying manner, but to me it left something to be desired. I would've liked a more emotionally satisfying ending, and I'd like to have heard more about what happened to all of the characters (not just the main ones but the supporting cast also). Still, it's a pretty riveting read that will suck you in as you get deeper into it and I'd recommend it to anyone who likes a good mystery!
Very unbelievable and inconsistent. Neither of the main characters were very likable and you are left wondering how you are supposed to feel. The ending seemed tacked on, like the author couldn't quite decide how to wrap up the story. Sort of a page turner, but I finished the book feeling unsatisfied and unsure of what exactly it was the author was trying to say: that all rich children with parents who love each ignore their children who then turn out to be sociopaths, and/or that all men are cads, even the seemingly nice ones.
Way more and much better than I could have thought or predicted. It's a fun read and makes you really think about how well you really can know anyone...
By far the best book I have read this year and I read a lot of books!Gillian Flynn leads you on a journey with her two main characters that lulls you into thinking that this is just another psychological thriller like any other until she drops in the jaw-dropping twist half way through that is like no other I have read. Absolute class and exactly what you want from a book in this genre of writing.Superbly written, insightful and very clever this is the must-read book of the year.
you feel almost creepy sometimes reading it. Like you are somewhere you are not suppose to be. I really loved this book and now am on my third Flynn book. They are a compelling and thrilling read. Hard to put down.
I am so sick of these Millenials.  I am sorry I read a book about them.  Who cares!!! They are worse than the &#34;me&#34; generation.  I believe that this book is the product of one of them and written by one of them.  It is as a better mind than mine said &#34;full of sound and fury signifying nothing&#34;.
I picked up "Gone Girl" based on its good reviews. I was disappointed by the book specially the end. First half is boring and slow, but the second half is better. I was not hooked to the book and took over three weeks to complete the book. I was bored with the book, so I read even some other books in the middle. The plot is new, but slow speed and abrupt and unconventional ending made the book uninteresting for me. Book could have been better, if few pages from first part were dropped and had a better ending.This book is overhyped, and I do not recommend it.
This is not my usual type of book.  I got it as an audio book because I kept seeing it on all of the bestseller lists, and a friend recommended it because she really enjoyed it.  I have to say - it is not at all what I expected.  I kept listening and could not stop.  It is really surprising how the book unfolds, and I did not see the twists coming.  I just bought the two earlier Gillian Flynn books because I was so entertained by this one.  It is not for everyone - there are graphic violence and sexual content that may be inappropriate for some audiences.  Overall, I found it difficult to put down, and that is the highest compliment I can give for a book.
The story itself is very well written and it is an interesting plot. But I found the characters to be quite disturbing
Okay, so you all will know from reading these reviews that this book is thrilling but may be a let down ending for many.  I happened to read it because it was what my book club selected last month.  To be honest, I felt the beginning was a bit slow but the other ladies in my club said "Oh, it'll get interesting...just keep reading".  Well it all picked up for me when Nick got the text message  which I won't reveal.  Yes, it got very interesting from there and I almost wanted to go directly the the end just to find out what happened!  Luckily I stuck to reading each page until the end.  As many  have already stated, you may be disappointed with the ending but to be honest, my brain just said "Oh my gawd!"  Sure a lot of it is a bit far-fetched but hey, this is a novel and not real life, so I can accept that.  No I didn't like any of the characters and yeah they swear way too much, but that shows their personality and give a certain feel to the book.This has gotten me interested in reading her other books!
I absolutely LOVED this book. It took me a little while to get a handle on the 2 different perspectives of telling this story. But then I was hooked. And shocked by the twists and turns and it had me shaking my head many times, saying, "WHAT?!" But I truly could not put it down and read it in 2 sittings. And it was really dark and kind of creepy, especially when you realize that it could happen to you.
I don't seem to have enjoyed this as much as friends whorecommended it, and those who put it on the variousbest seller lists.  It was okay, some surprises, just notgreat.
I don't know how this book got picked for so many top 10 lists, but it is just terrible!The writing is done in such a way that keeps you guessing til the very end, and when you find out what happens in the end you are left with plain disgust.  SPOILER (I guess): the main characters are absolutely horrible people and they end up both victorious.  I would say read it and you'll see what I mean, but don't! Put your money towards something else.The writing is also amatuer.  There were some places that it seemed like the author was backed into a corner and she used a broad-brush to generalize situations to get the characters out of something... I really am trying to not give away too much, but you are better off getting a different book.  There are better ones out there.
"Gone Girl" was the first novel I read by Gillian Flynn. The characters are not people you root for that is for sure and they are very complex. While I do not read a lot of mystery fiction and would like to read more, this book did have suspenseful parts, but I agree with a lot of other readers in saying the ending was unsatisfying.  Ms. Flynn is a detailed writer and makes the characters very in depth. I do think some parts of the book were unrealistic, but also made the plot more interesting. I have to say most of the characters do leave a bitter taste in your mouth. I'm interested in how other people who have read this book digested the ending. Is it an amazing book? No. But it's an intense psychological read for those who enjoy that type of mystery. I'd recommend "Before I Go to Sleep: A Novel" by S.J. Watson, instead of this book, but I would not discourage anyone from reading it.
couldn't wait to read this novel , built up so much and always on the top of the best seller list... had a hard time getting through this book... I hope the movie is better...wouldn't recommend it..overated..
I find nothing likeable about anyone or any situation in this book. It's selfish in it's ambition, and wasn't worth the read.
This novel while really interesting at certain places fell short for me overall.  I found the back and forth nature of going from one main character to the other, referencing the same time period (for the most part), to be tiresome.  Since I read it on my Kindle, I wasn't aware of how close I was to the end of the book. I was really surprised when I realized that it was over.
Very good read. I loved the double narrations.  Very insane read get ready for a twist loved the book ending not soo much.
Gillian Flynn is an intriguing writer. She definitely knows how to blur the line between victim and perpetrator in this novel. I gave it five stars because is worth it. Even though the plot seems average in the beginning she completely flips it in the middle. Great summer read.
This book had great twists. This author does a great job with that. What upsets me is the ending is never the ending you want and sometimes you don't know if you like any of the charActers. But that's what makes this author good and her style unique which I can appreciate. Next stop: dark places!
This was a great book!  I enjoyed how Nick unraveled and how he thought he had the upper hand. Amy is certainly a psychopath.
I loved the story. The author tells two sides and it has some very interesting twists and turns. This is a great mystery!
I cannot say enough about how bad this book was. I wish there was a no star option. The book is full of gratuitous profanity, unbelievable scenarios, and basic geographic inaccuracies. There is not a redeemable character in the book. You hate both Nick and Amy and never care for either.Go, Nick's sister is also a hard hearted soul with whom you never engage. Amy's parents are repulsive. Even the cops are annoying.  It is a poorly contrived book that does not deserve the exposure it is getting. There are giant convenient moments that make no sense throughout the novel. One thing I couldn't put out of my head is how does Amy get away with buying a car on craigslist and then driving it through at least two states with never having the car placed in her name or tagged? Seems like a hole to me. Also, Flynn's description of Hannibal is inaccurate. The downtown area has many shops that are still open and thriving. It is not a downtown area with for rent signs in most windows as Flynn describes. Although Flynn is from Missouri, the areas she tries to describe are nothing as she writes them to be. I live in Missouri and particularly in the areas the book tries to represent and her descriptions are laughable at best.Amy's plot against her husband is contrived and thoroughly unbelievable even by soap opera standards. The major plot twists are ludicrous and not even plausible. I have no idea why this book has received any acclaim. I would never recommend it to anyone. Please do not waste your time. This book is overlong and not satisfying. At the half way point the book should have ended and it would have been 75% better but still pretty bad.
Was really enjoying the fun, if insane, ride, but at the end, this book just abruptly ended.  So horrible that the author couldn't be bothered to finish what she started.Enjoy the first 3/4 of the book, then just stop reading - isn't worth your time.
Gillian Flynn is one if the best psychological/thriller/suspense/drama writer of all time! I literally stayed up all night reading this book and then I went right to her next book and I think I read every one of her books in about a week and a half!!!
The writing is extremely vivid.  But it's hard to work through an entire book on the merit of good prose if you just can't ever like the characters.  I could have cared less about the twists because I could have cared less about the characters.  If I'd been more invested in them, this would have been a stellar read.
Just know it is a page-turner and the characters are intense. It's best to go in blind, I think, to ramp up the suspense. That said, this isn't just a whodunit novel unless you extend that definition to "who wronged you last" --meaning, this is also a book about domestic grievance and fallen expectations. It's cagey and actually quite a bit funny. It's a testimony to the writing that my varying levels of empathy for the characters were never completely extinguished.
I loved the unexpected twists and turns in this novel.  The last 1/3 of the book seemed to drag on a bit, but the storyline was unique and interesting enough to make up for that.  You get to know the characters better and better as you continue reading.  I'd recommend to anyone.  It's quite a page turner!
I had heard about this book on talk radio.  The gals there loved it and I did too.  I was not disappointed.
At first it was a little hard to follow, just like any book you have to get used to the writers voice.  I enjoyed how the book was written from two different people giving the characters a love hate relationship with the readers, I felt as I was a report or average American watching as their story unfolded for the world to judge them as each character was loved while the other hated then reversed roles with the turn of the page.
The book is smartly written and definitely a page turner. It was my first Gillian Flynn book and I will read others by her based on this one experience. I read this for my book club and we will have a lot to talk about - the characters are all compelling and bizarre.
I thought I had it figured out 1/4 of the way through it.  Then I had doubts...Lots of twists and surprises.  Scary character.  You figure out which one.
I bought this book because it was on the best sellers list and I can see why.  The follow through of the auther was great throughout the book you just keep having to read!
This is a well written book with an interesting story line and a unique way of telling the story.Good read!
A tortuous and unpleasant trek to an un satisfying  ending.  Nevertheless, the author kept me reading to the end...hence a begrudging third star.
Gone Girl is an unusual book. Well written with unexpected plot twists. More character study than mystery, it will will keep your attention until the end.
It has been a long time since a novel through me for such a turn as will happen in the murder mystery Gone Girl. The twist in this novel will have you caring for the characters and then despising them in the next moment.The novel centers on Nick Dunne and the disapperance of his wife Amy. It becomes apparent early on that the picture perfect marraige is anything but and as time goes on Nick becomes the central figure in a murder investigation of his missing wife. Nick does little to make you care about him, even as you see the walls closing in, tidbits of who he really is comes to the surface and you begin to believe he could be the killer.But then the truth of Amy begins to seep to the surface as well and then you are unsure of who is who and what is what. But you know you need to ride this one out because is Amy dead? Is she really missing? Did Nick kill her? Did Nick do anything but be a bad husband? And how bad was he really?Gillian Flynn does a masterful job of dropping hints to the truth without ever revealing it until then she does and it leaves you questioning everything you have read for the last hundred pages. Yes the twists when they come, you won't see and they will be just like hitting the reset button. They are just that good.If I seem ambigious in this review it is that I don't want to give any details of the story away. It is much more fun to find them out for yourself.Pick it up and enjoy Gone Girl.
Elaborately dark and beautifully written. Somehow you hate and also desperately root for these 2 psychos. Definitely reading more of Gillian flynns work!
This was the first Gillian Flynn book I read, and I purchased her other two before finishing it. I'm always excited to find a new author, and I'm definitely excited to read more of her books.The best part about Gone Girl was my reaction to the characters. I literally went from disliking Amy in the beginning, to *really* sympathizing with her during the bulk of the novel - and then when the plot twist came, I was so invested in her that I still ended up rooting for her in the end. Similarly, while it was difficult to fully dislike Nick, he still gave me the skeevy vibe right up to the end. I love being torn about the characters I'm reading; I love it when I can find something in them to like, even when they're doing despicable things. Flynn is an incredibly talented writer. I can't wait to see what sort of dark, twisty hero(ine) she comes up with next.
What a wonderful wicked read.Loved every minuteHighly recommended.  Great use of language, plot twists and irony.  Darkly comedic.
Personally I think this is one of the strangest books I have read to date. I had a hard time relating to how people could be so bizarre and unfeeling towards others. It just was not my kind of book but someone else might like it.
This book was a total pageturner and I could not  put it down. Just when you think  you've figured it all out there's a new surprise or game changer.
Remember the movie with Glenn Close as the jilted lover?  You really do not know whom to root for in this novel.
I loved this book.  It was recommended by a friend, and I was hooked as soon as I started reading.  The mystery is great, and it keeps you turning the pages.  However, the end realllllllly disappointed me.  I'm sure that Flynn knew this would be the case for many of her readers, and maybe she was looking for a more realistic than satisfying ending, but it annoyed me nonetheless.  Otherwise, I would have given 5 stars.
Very sharp. What a story! All plots are so well thought, everything perfectly believable, characters perfectly developed. I just finished, and I'd savor in my memory a bit longer. I didn't like initially the ending. But what ending can this story have?
This was one of the worst books I have read in a long time.  I only began to read it because it had been recommended to me.  The story itself is rather interesting and intriguing until you get about halfway through it.  It becomes apparent that the author has some ulterior motive in writing this.  Perhaps she has some scorn for men for some reason.  I will not reveal the ending but it left me very annoyed that I had wasted any time reading through the whole thing.  Don't waste your money on this book unless you like trashy vindictive novels.
I loved this book and I couldn't put it down.  I was never sure where it was going and I was constantly surprised.  Everyone needs to read this book!
What a wonderful book. Flynn really has opened my eyes into the brain of a sociopath. Read this book,it's worth it.
This book kept me coming back for more LOTS of twists and turns,certainly not predictable. In the end though, it left me disappointed by the ending. I wanted justice. Twisted.
The style in which this is written was excellent at portraying the same events from different perspectives.  It will keep you tied into the  deviant personalities of the main characters, until you find out how similar they really are. I recommend this book for those who like a good mystery.
After hearing about this book over and over, I thought I'd try it, but I couldn't get past the second chapter...
I just loved this book! Stayed up half the night finishing it---really good thriller.  Have recommended it to everyone I know.
WELL WRITTEN, IT SURE KEPT ME READING.  AREAL HORROR STORY WITH A DISAPPOINTING ENDING,I have enough stress in my life!
This author is adept at new ideas and moves you from the first sentence.  Great plots and well worth reading .
purchased as a gift, the recipient was very pleased and said it was a very good read and would recommend it
Started out okay..downhill from there. You like this person..then there's a twist and..just felt very contrived. Stopped about halfway and flipped to the end to see if it was worth slogging my way through. It wasn't. It did save me the price of the movie because there's no way I'm going to suffer through that.
The story is very interesting!  However it seems the author just got tired of creating the ending of the story!!  Reading this book was like enjoyable until the end!  It seems like the author took you to the edge of a cliff and just left you disappointed.  This is a novel not a real life story!!
I love this author, and appreciate her even more after having skimmed through a series of books that follow the same tired plot development techniques. Gillian Flynn hooked me from the start with her first novel, Sharp Objects. Her style is captivating and she is *so* darkly funny.Gone Girl is a cut above the basic mystery novel. Gillian Flynn's voice is strong and her writing doesn't make compromises. She isn't afraid to present the dark side of human nature, and achieves this without getting bogged down with formulaic style choices, and she isn't afraid to take risks with plot development. I love how Gone Girl kind of goes along in the first half, has me wondering, OK where is this leading, and then--POW--the second part takes off, catching me completely by surprise.Amy had me laughing (a little guiltily) at her unflinching critique of her companions. The ladies and their casseroles made from some sort of chips and canned soup, the "cool girl", the Ozark Amy riffs. She's nuts, but I can relate to the sense of shock and anger when being transplanted to a new and culturally different locale. Nick's dysfunctional husband character is somewhat stilted, but I think that's the point of Nick's character in relation to Amy.The end, to me, was fine and I can't imagine any other outcome. The only thing I didn't like about the ending was just that--it ended the book. I hope G.F. writes another novel soon.
I have to say that I have been reading at least 2-3 books a month for years and this is at the top of my list as a must read. I also read Sharp objects, which is also by the same author. This book has the best jaw dropping turn arounds and loops. It is absolutely addicting.
That is my mind at this point. Blank. I'm simply astonished by the ending of this book...Nick and Amy. Neither of them like-able characters. They have a disastrous marriage and are both bitter, angry people. I have read enough of Gillian Flynn to know that she is a dark writer, and she IS brilliant at what she does, but this one just didn't appeal to me.I've read reviews about the ending being terrible, I wouldn't say it's the worst I've ever read, it appeals to a certain audience. I don't know that I'd readily recommend this one, but if you liked her other books, give it a try.That's all I've got...
I honestly did not know what I was getting myself into when I read this book. Gillian Flynn is an excellent writer and the book more than proves this.The premiss of the book is great and has so many twists and turns that keep the reader guessing and switching allegiances with frequency. Unlike other reviewers I did not find the ending disappointing. I thought the author wrapped the book up well.
My first read of a Gillian Flynn novel and now I'll try another. Excellent well thought out and well written. Highly recommend it. The language is colourful but once you get over that it's terrific.
Last night I finished Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn. It seemed to be THE book of the summer, and contrary as always, I read it in the fall.A friend of mine told me it was a great read, filled with lots of twists. I did indeed find plot turns at unexpected places, and the book itself had that elusive Compelling Factor that made me want to keep reading.To be honest, I was a bit disappointed. For one thing, I couldn't emotionally connect with any of the characters except Boney, the police detective, and she was a background figure who appeared in only a few scenes. (I think I would have enjoyed the book much more if it had been told from her perspective, but perhaps it would have been a stretch.)Maybe I'm too much of a traditionalist : I expected more of a cozier read, and Flynn instead offers a harrowing tale of marriage turned inside out. That's not a bad thing at all, and it betrays my own shortcoming, not Flynn's.When Amy disappears, her husband, Nick, begins a search for her. The disappearance itself is strange, and it grows stranger as the book goes on. It is their wedding anniversary, and Amy always leaves him a scavenger hunt for his gift. In the book, the scavenger hunt is intertwined with the disappearance.Amy herself is a wonderful creation. She was nothing like what I expected - she's no victim having the vapours, that much is for certain. And that is a wonderful, rare thing. What she is - what the reader thinks she is - gets turned on its head as the story progresses.The ending is pure genius, but as I said, I never connected with any of the characters. I never read a chapter saying, "Oh no, oh no!" the way I would if I really loved the hero or the heroine. That's a biproduct of the twisty, turning plot, and I can understand that and the genius behind it, but the lack of connection was my visceral reaction.As I said, it was compelling. I never wanted to stop reading it, which is a mark of an assured, professional writer. Flynn's prose is deft enough to bring you into several different worlds, from Manhattan to Missouri.So: I appreciate the genius and the writing, since that is a very difficult thing to pull off, but I have enjoyed other mysteries and explorations of the strange planet known as Marriage far more.
This was a great book that pulled you in right away. It kept you guessing. Easily a page turner and hard to put down. I think the ending was 'weak' - not bad, not good, just weak but totally worth the read.
The book was a page-turner.  It got off to a bit of a slow start, but once the plot thickened, it was hard to put down.  That is until the terribly disappointing ending that left me scratching my head and thinking, "that's it?"
I  enjoyed reading this book.  It was for our book club.  But I wouldn't rate it any higher, or to be on the NY best seller list for as long as it was.
It semed to me that the novel was a bit complicated with too many charaters to keep straight. The ending while surprising I didn,t consider realistic
Why this book is so popular is beyond me. Both protagonists are hateful creatures who deserve each other. There is a hole in the plot a mile wide at one point. It is clever with plot twists and changing points of view, but leaves you with a sour taste and no desire to read another book by this author.
Early in the book you at  meant to like Amy and dislike Nick. I was never quite convinced to do that though. The book is a little easy to figure out early on though the twists make every effort to be grand. In the end, I'm not sure either party was ever really lovable. The book is messed up on so many levels, which makes for an intriguing read for sure. Scott Petersen, the California man that killed his beautiful pregnant wife Lacey, comes to mind...but what if it ha  been somebody else? What if Scott was innocent? That's this book.
i hated this book.  i hated the characters.  i hated the plot.  i hated the ending. i hated the writing style.  it is really rare that i cannot find anything redeeming about a book... this is one of those rare occasions.the characters are unlikeable - actually, that is a kind way of saying the characters that are (sort of) developed in this story are honestly the worst that humankind can offer - a sadistic, psychologically challenged (to put it mildly) woman bent on systematically destroying everyone she encounters (well, i guess everyone who can't be a pawn in her game) and a completely stupid, weak man completely ruled by fear. parents that are completely smarmy, naive, codependent and incompetent.  a police force that is equally dumb, incompetent, and predictable.  and ancillary characters that are hardly believable... because they are so cliche and, well, dumb.  are there that many stupid people concentrated in one place?  in one family? in one person's life?the only reasons i finished it were because (1) i didn't want the book to beat me, and (2) i had an ounce faith that this author would wrap the story up in a way that made sense.instead you get an ending that is honestly as unbelievable as the narrative.  do people in this world really settle for such lame existences?  who in the real world has enough time to be this crazy?  do people typically accept the fact that crazy people should and do rule their lives just because - ho-hum that crazy person is smarter than me?  do people hand over the next generation to psychopaths - because oh well, i am so powerless in all of this?good grief. go sell crazy somewhere else. this is one for the rubbish bin.
It wasn't what I expected. They were both more than a little warped!  Don't know who I would recommend this to
This is another one of those books that remains on the bestseller list.  I have tried this book several times and just cannot get into it. Time to delete it from my kindle.
This book started out hot and heavy and I couldn't wait to get further and further into the plot, but what a HIDEOUS ending!!!!
This book was a page-turner from start to end.  Can't say I loved the ending but also didn't see it coming which is a marker of a great book.
I love her books! Amy is crazy smart! Very calculating. Sometimes, being too smart can be very dangerous! Do not get on her list....it might just cost you your freedom!
Fast paced, twists and turns - like reading it while riding on a roller coaster!  Page turner right until the end!
It was a fast read, I went into it not knowing what it was about but it made me think and had some good twists.
This book is why I love reading.  The plot, characters, setting(OK I'm from the Midwest), and time frame all work together to make for a thrilling adventure.  No spoilers here-fantastic!
Up to about the 20% complete point I really didn't know if I was going to finish or not but it turned around and I can honestly say it's one of the best books I've read in a very long time! I didn't see the ending coming at all [I hate when I can], it really is an outstanding book, I'm just sorry I'm finished!
Loved it; it hooks you from the get-go. Witty and so clever. One of the reasons a book can be so wonderful....the great escape!
I think I stayed up until 2:30 AM on a work night just to get to the next chapter... then the chapter after that... this was a fast read.
How refreshing! I know that's a weird way to start off discussing a book with such a dark storyline, but it is always refreshing to read a book that truly catches me off guard in a good way. Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn does just that.This is a story about a man named Nick (a not-so-perfect husband) whose wife, Amy, goes missing. The media (and everyone else) is infatuated with the story because Nick and Amy are both great looking New Yorkers who moved to Nick's hometown in Missouri to take care of his dying mother and elderly father. Amy, for her part, is the inspiration for a three-decade popular book series named Amazing Amy that an entire generation grew up with. Like their story, this book is something that you latch onto and take off running with once you catch a whiff of the the first few pages.Of course, all signs point to Nick (it's on the jacket, so I can say that), and the book fluctuates from his narration to that of Amy's. Sounds predictable, right? Right. But then comes Part Two. Now, I won't go into any details here, but I will say, WHOA! I really thought I had it all figured out. I'm usually pretty adept at unravelling a story about halfway through (I'm not sure whether that means I'm great with clues or that the authors are not...) but I was completely wrong. Even the bits that I had predicted correctly didn't play out the way that I had expected.This book is full of twists and turns that you can actually follow and doesn't leave any loose ends, which is becoming harder and harder to find in a book nowadays. So many books in recent years leave wide open gaps where a storyline should be and it was refreshing (like I said, it was an appropriate word). I don't generally give star ratings because I think people, for the most part, ignore them, but this one deserves 5!
This was a a very good book until the last few chapters. It was as if the author got tired of writing and just gave up.
The beginning, indeed most of the book, was very suspenseful and I suspended my everyday routines to read Gone Girl! But, the finale was not as suspenseful as the last page. And it was a bit predictable at that point.
This was the first of Gillian Flynn's books that I had read. I actually prefer her other two over this one but I love the double character perceptive she gives. I really love her writing and can't wait to read new releases from her!
I had a really hard time putting this book down.  There were so many twists and turns, I was anxious to find out what was going to happen next.  Was it unrealistic, yes.  I wasn't looking for realistic.  I was looking for an escape--a great book to keep my attention!  The ending was a little odd, but at the same time it fit with the twisted nature of the whole book.  I haven't read anything by Flynn before, but have already put another of her books on hold a the library. I can't wait to see what else she has to offer!
Holy hell was this a mind twist. Gillian Flynn did a superb job at making anyone and everyone nervous about their current or future relationship. It was spot on with people pretending to be something else for a significant other, their parents, even themselves. It was spot on in introducing characters and seeing them revealed in a much truer (and harsher) light later. It was spot on with family dynamics, social and societal norms or lack there of. Lies, betrayals, and so much more fills these pages. The first part of the book was by far the strongest. You truly had no idea where this story could go. You are led astray on several different avenues, forced to pick between two unreliable narrators, and forced to seek a truth that may not even exist...or does it? The whole thing up until the very end has you going "WTF!!!!" This was a thrilling, awesome read. Many people complain about the ending, but after being introduced to Nick and Amy the way we readers were in the first part of the book and seeing everything (or so you may think) they have been through/were going through, I thought it was extremely apropos. Truly a gem and if you have not read it, GO. It is literary, smart, witty, intriguing. If you needed a break from the monotony of romance, this is where to lose yourself...and your mind. WOW!
Long winded drawn out, I skipped to the middle and then to the end, not a book I would recommend, just not a good read.
A good read could not wait till the end. However disappointed with the ending. I felt that Nick should have taken more control of the circumstances
the book was good, slow downed at times and i wish it ended different, but it was still worth the read.
Seriously? The absolute worst ending to such a suspenseful book that I thought maybe there was some mistake.  Maybe the kindle edition was somehow flawed and the end wasn't there. I kept reading past the end into the Acknowledgement section because I really thought it was continuing. Finally, I realized it really had ended. Just like that...bam! I've never had an ending to such a thrilling story be so uneventful. I can understand the good reviews for this book UNTIL the ending. You didn't know who to root for in the beginning and you were in the dark about just enough of the plot to keep you guessing and forcing you to keep on reading to find out what happens next. Finally, you're reaching the end of the book. You know the story has to be wrapped up soon because your kindle tells you that you're nearing 100% completion! Then, BAM...nothing. It just ends. =(Still gave it two stars for the great read until the end. Did I mention I really did not like the end, at all?!
One of the worst books I have ever read. It's too bad, because the first half is compelling. But the plot is see-through, the "trick" is obvious, and the end was predictable. Enough plot holes to drive a truck through - routine police work is ignored, alibis aren't checked, lawyers hang out with their clients tracking down clues, a man is killed when drugged and no post-mortem is performed apparently, so the police never know he's drugged when he was killed. Witnesses aren't believed because of alleged erratic behavior once in their lives 15 years before the events of the book. Every unbelievable action of the protagonist is explained away by yet another character flaw. I'm sorry I got past the awful title to read this travesty; my instinct was right - gone is not an adjective, and this is not a good book.I'm just grateful that I didn't buy it; I borrowed it from the library.
I was expecting a thriller that kept me guessing to the last page. Not true! A good read but I was disappointed after the rave reviews. Sure, the plot took many twists and turns, but I was left wishing that it could just be over. Maybe less would've been more?
On the day of Nick and Amy's fifth wedding anniversary, Amy disappears.  Their marriage hadn't been perfect; they had both been unhappy for awhile and Nick was dreading the elaborate anniversary celebration he was certain his wife had planned.  Instead he comes home to an empty house that shows signs of a struggle.Nick is cooperative about the investigation, but he is also hiding secrets of his own that make him look shady to both the police and the reader.  Amy's diary entries tell an entirely different story about their marriage than the one that Nick is spinning, and it's hard to tell who to trust.By the middle of the book, it is clear that nobody is to be trusted, and things in Nick and Amy's life are much more complicated than either one claimed.Both Nick and Amy are despicable people.  I wasn't rooting for either one of them in this story.  However, the tale was told in such a compelling and suspenseful way, it was impossible to put down.  I really liked the way that Amy's diary entries started in the past and led the way through the history of the couple's courtship and marriage, until they caught up to the present and dovetailed with the story Nick was telling about his wife's disappearance.  I liked how there were bombshells dropped all along the way, and it was difficult to sort everything out until near the end of the book.  It kept me guessing with the way it twisted the truth and switched from narrator to narrator.  I was never quite sure who to believe, and I was continuously surprised by the direction in which the book moved.
The world's most incredible narcissist vs the world's most evil socio-path!!! What a story!! Nearly passed out holding my breath.
If you are interested in edge of the seat tension when reading, this is the book for you!  Once I got into the book, I really hated to put it down!
I'm not a huge fan of mystery novels, but a few friends recommended "Gone Girl" so I picked up a copy.  Flynn manages to make you think, something that other mystery authors sometimes seem to overlook in pursuit of the next big twist.  Not to say that "Gone Girl" lacks for plot twists--it certainly has enough to make any avid mystery reader happy.  Overall, it was a worthwhile, enjoyable read.  Will I search out Flynn's earlier works?  Probably not.  But many will and rightfully so.
This book's characters and plot are conniving!  As a frequent reader of suspense novels I was pleasantly shocked at a few thing throughout, most times I can guess a book's outcome but Gone Girl became a gripping page turner.  It was well-written and I enjoyed the layout, great book!
I was impressed every minute I was reading this book and enjoyed almost all of it: I was pretty uncomfortable throughout the last chapters, but that's another compliment: that a book can create a response so powerful in me.I think it was an incredible book, even though the actual story was INSANE!  The way the themes of the book wove in and out of the social landscape of our decade was masterful: Job Loss, a ghost town created by the 2008 economy crash, the way the media exploits these types of stories.  There is just so much there that tells the "American Story" of today.  I couldn't be more impressed. The commentary on relationships today was scarily insightful; not the main relationship, of course, which was what I would call 'something else', but the courting process and how we draw each other in was apt.I recommend this book to anyone with a strong stomach for raw emotion and explicit language and situations.
Took a bit to get into but once I was drawn in I couldn't put the book down. What a twisted storyline. I kept trying to figure it out and I couldn't. A good read!
If you haven't heard, which if you're not from the Midwest you probably haven't, but the film &#34;Gone Girl&#34; was shot in my hometown with Mr. Ben Affleck and Neil Patrick Harris. I couldn't tell you who the other actors are in the film other than maybe Tyler Perry. Since my entire Facebook feed was filled with statuses like:&#34;Look who's working out next to me!&#34; with a blurry shot of Ben&#34;Doogie Howser ate dinner at the table beside us!&#34;Not to mention the endless posts about people who were asked to be extras in the film! I felt I was obligated to read the book. I put my name on the waiting list at the library and the day before Thanksgiving, my name came up! I put all other reading on hold and sat down to read this 700 page monster.It's hard to give a real review without spoiling it for anyone who hasn't read it, but I'll do my best. Every page was a twist and turn. The author did a FABULOUS job with the first part of the book and I felt totally duped when it was revealed I was set up to feel that way. I don't know what's scarier, that there are people really in the world like Amy Dunne or that the author created her. Either way, it was totally freaky. I wasn't a huge fan of the ending which I'm afraid to admit for fear that Amy will come after me. I almost think it could've ended a few pages earlier and left something to the reader's imagination. I'm very excited to see how the movie turns out and how each character is portrayed. I'll be putting my name on the waitlist for her other books now, too.
This book was better than I had anticipated! I cannot wait for the movie to come out! A touch predictable in the middle then BOOM you totally are like &#34;what the hell!&#34;
Interesting but strange story about a murder gone awry.  Characterization was pretty good; scene setting a little weak; and the storyline bizarre.  I might read another Flynn but not terribly soon.
I really liked the book, but I hated the ending due to the fact that you end up hating the &#34;heroine&#34; of the book. It's just crazy. But so well-written!
A great read. We are left on the edge many times as this clever and crazy story gets told from different perspectives.
Original, interesting and worth the read.  It's like a James Patterson mystery with good writing and a fully realized story. :)
I'm not especially use to reading mystery thriller books but a friend recommended this one and what an amazing recommendation!  A page that turner.  I just kept thinking it would turn out one way and then something else would happen.  No wonder they are making it into a movie later this year.  Great book.
I was intrigued by the story and read the first dozen chapters, but I just couldn't commit to the whole book. Instead I skipped to the last part and read the end. Just not my cup of tea.
I love this. The twists and turns were unpredictable and always elicited an emotional response. I even liked that things didn't always work out how I wanted them to. This is the only book that I would spend this type of money on, it is well worth it. Well written.
I thought this book was a very fun beach read.  It was a bit outrageous and unbelievable at some points, but who cares it is entertaining.  I very much enjoyed it and was amazed at how many plot twists it had.  I would recommend it for a fun relaxing beach read.
i was so excited to read this book, through out it was a constant page turnner. however the ending was lacking and seemed to just drop off. almost as if the author got tired of writing. needless to say when i was done reading, i was very disappointed.
Married couple Nick and Amy seemed to have it all - money, good looks, writing careers, and a "perfect" marriage.  When Amy loses nearly all of her money and they both find themselves unemployed, they decide to move back to Nick's home town and Amy uses the last of her trust fund money to buy Nick a bar.  On their fifth wedding anniversary Amy goes missing and Nick is the number one suspect.  The first half of the book alternates between Nick's point of view and entries out of Amy's journal.  Is Nick behind Amy's disppearance?  All signs point to yes.  Halfway through, the book drops a major bomb on you that changes everything.  I actually dropped my Kindle and gasped out loud - the twist is THAT huge!  I will say this book kept me guessing the whole time and it's very well written.  If this book had ended differently I would have given it 5 stars, but the ending was a major disappointment.  I had some pretty strong feelings about these characters and what I wanted to happen, and the ending was a complete let down.  I almost threw my Kindle across the room!
Great read with lots of twists and turns  Hard to put it down and really gets the brain thinking as to 'what is actually going on'!
This book cleverly sucks you in! A very good read, and very well worth it! Although at the end I wanted to throw my Kindle!
I was initially drawn in by this book and speed-reading until the end.  Unfortunately, the darkness of the book just took over at that point.  Amy as a character simply becomes too much for this reader.
I cannot believe I made myself finish this book for the worst ending I have ever read!  It made no sense at all.
Since I read these books I have craved more. I cannot find anyone who writes as well as this author does.
Disturbing characters and plot twists that made you shake your head and kept you guessing throughout the book. Good read although it would not be one I would be interested in reading again and again.
Book was full of suspense and was hard to put down, a definite page-turner. Wasn't happy with ending but definitely made you think!
This is the 1st book I've finished in a day in years!  Although it may be labeled a crime drama or mystery, it is so much more than that.  The characters are insightful, the voice is true and clever, there are plot twists that do not allow you to leave until you have seen what will happen & how this will end.
I was looking forward to reading this book after hearing the buzz in the office by co-workers who read it. I've read others by this author and was impressed by her writing skills. She didn't disappoint in that area for Gone Girl, however after a few chapters I found I was not liking my protagonists as much as I would have hoped. Then I was siding more with the husband. I don't want to get into detail as I don't want to spoil things for other readers, but I also didn't like the ending nor did I enjoy the unreliable narrator device as it left me feeling I was being played. I found peripheral characters likable, sympathetic, more interesting. Flaws and all. Gillian Flynn is an extremely talented writer and I will look for more of her books, but I needed a lot more 'what goes around, comes around' in this one and it wasn't to be had. (sigh)
Gone Girl. There was a lot of hype surrounding this book and I&#8217;m out on my impression of it. I think when a book is as anticipated, as prefaced with accolades as this one was, it&#8217;s hard for it to live up to the high expectations.Was it a good book? Well written, yes. And definitely unique. The story had more twists than a corkscrew rollercoaster. But I walk away thinking that both of the main characters were a-holes. There&#8217;s not a better word for them. Self-absorbed to a tragic flaw, these are two spoiled, grown folks playing a deadly game of marital chess wherein nobody wins.It&#8217;s hard to rave about a book that leaves you shaking your head. It&#8217;s even harder to review a book like this one without spoilers. Pacing was slow. Very slow. I&#8217;m a person who is either compelled to finish a book in a few sittings, or who will let a book sit forever between reading it. This one didn&#8217;t call me back. A few of my friends said to stick with it so I did. I&#8217;m glad I did because I would have had a much lower opinion had I put it back on the shelf at a third the way through like I wanted to. It took me getting to the halfway mark to even see the potential brilliance.As a fan of true crime stories, I loved the idea. There are a few nit crits&#8212;the character&#8217;s names being one&#8212;that cumulatively wore on me. Nick&#8217;s sister, Margo, is called &#8220;Go&#8221; throughout, and I caught myself mentally saying, &#8220;Go where?&#8221; almost every time she was mentioned. It pulled me out of the moment and annoyed me to the point that I almost liked the character less (and she was one of my favorites). Officer Boney was another. &#8220;Boney Maroni&#8221; came up more than once and I rolled my eyes every time. Silly, I know, but it impacted my reading experience.Amy plain rubbed me wrong, and in the end I see that she was probably meant to. If I had to sum her up in one word it would be &#8220;annoying&#8221; and it&#8217;s hard to enjoy a book half written from the point of view of someone you have that opinion of. Nick fared only slightly better. I almost didn&#8217;t feel bad how things turned out because there was a sense that the ending was deserved by both of them.Whether it was intended or not, I&#8217;m a black and white person who walked away in an unexpected gray area. Maybe that was the author&#8217;s point. I wish I could give half stars.  The mark of a 4-star book for me is whether or not I&#8217;d seek out more by the author. In this case, no, I won&#8217;t. Three stars don&#8217;t seem quite enough. I&#8217;ve read less well written books that I enjoyed more. I&#8217;m not sure what that says other than my frustration with the cast got to me. Three and a half stars. Maybe I&#8217;m being generous.
After a somewhat slow start, this novel pushes you at breakneck speed from one twist to the next. It is a cleverly plotted page turner that takes you on an emotional roller coaster along with the pivotal characters. Once started, you will have a hard time putting it down. However, the ending left me feeling cheated. Yes, I get the point that the main characters are both pathetic people and that they continue on in some sick semblance of life. For me, it was an unsatisfying climax nonetheless.
I loved the first 2/3 of this book. I thought it was ingeniously written, had me guessing what would happen next at every twist and turn. But the end of the book is oh-so-disappointing.The reader is left hating both Nick and Amy, feeling like Nick really IS the douchebag husband he was supposed to be all along, and Amy is a vile and petulant and psychotic as ever. And then it just ENDS. With NOTHING. It doesn't even leave you wanting more, it just leaves you feeling unsatisfied and sour.The one major thing I think the author overlooked is a LIE DETECTOR TEST. Why wouldn't the investigation have submitted Nick to a lie detector? Surely he would have agreed, considering the circumstances (I won't give too much away here). I know lie detectors aren't 100% accurate or anything, but it would have definitely been helpful to his case, you'd think his "amazing" lawyer would have suggested it right away! Odd.Do yourself a favor and don't believe the hype about this book. It is as though the author literally got bored with these two terrible characters, the same way the reader eventually will, and abandoned ship in the middle of a paragraph. Not worth the 400-something pages, or your time.
This book grabs you from the first page and never lets you go. It has enough twists and turns to keep you reading way too late into the night. Just when you think you know who the villan is, the author leads you to another conclusion. Can't wait to read more by Gillian Flynn.
I really liked the suspense of not knowing what is happening. I didn't necessarily like the end third of the way she chose to end it, but it made sense with the rest of the book. It definitely kept me guessing of what is really going on!
Picked it up because it was on the best-seller's list for quite a while, but I didn't like the story. Didn't like the characters at all. At one point I started to feel bad for her and thought I could at least have that connection, but then something really outrageous would happen and all I could think was; &#34;who in the world would ever live like this couple?&#34; In the end I disliked both of the main characters and didn't think the book was worth the hype.
I was told by friends that this book was so terrific. It took me a while to get through it. I found it a little slow and not quite as interesting as I thought.
I enjoyed the book for about 2/3rds of it.  The ending is highly disappointing. Language and structure are not bad at all.  But really, it felt like the author did not know how to unscrew the story after it went too far.
The book was  magnificent. I was so I to it I couldn't pit it down. The end stank like hot garbage. It was almost as if the writer pit so much into building the story that by the finish she was over it. Like that it literally just ended. Abruptly. If this were a series I might be able to understand however the lack of any acceptable ending made me feel word  then if the whole book was terrible. I have already purchased of her previous books however I might not even open the covers after this. I recommended this book to many when I was still in the middle; when it was good. I will be finding this  people and retracting my statement. Too bad too because  the book showed thalidomide.
I believe this book is the worst I have ever read, the ending really was the sprinkles on top of stupidity.  The plot is completely preposterous, ridiculous, absolutely not plausible.  I am absolutely flabbergasted as to why this book has gotten any good reviews unless they are all friends of the author.  Unbelievable, baffling and just silly.  Please spare yourself the suffering.  Your time is worth more than reading this book.
Ok, so I finally got a chance to read this book, and I have one word for it...AMAZING!  I absolutely loved it.  It was one of the best books I have ever read.  I definitely recommend it to anyone who hasn't yet read it and is looking for something new to read.  I am definitely ready to read her other 2 books Dark Places and Sharp Objects.
I was so disappointed and regretted buying this book.  Horrible read, disjointed and aggravating. Can't understand why it is a best seller.
It was so refreshing to read a book where I had no idea which way the story was going. Because of that, I couldn't wait to get back to it. The story was about a husband who was framed so that it appeared he had killed his wife. Each chapter was written from the perspective of either the husband or the wife, which was an interesting way to present the story. It was like being in the head of one person or the other. You got both perspectives.My only complaint (which kept me from giving it 5 stars) was the disapointing ending. There were so many ways to end the story and the one that Ms. Flynn chose was unsatisfying.But, I look forward to reading another one of her books.
This is my first book by this author but it will not be my last(i have already purchased Dark Places)!  I was sucked in from the beginning and stayed up half the night to finish it.  I liked that it kept me guessing on what was gonna happen next.  Some books you can figure out what is going to happen and how it will end, not with this one.  Amy & Nick seem like the perfect couple but wow what secrets they both have.  This is a perfect summer read and you will not be able to put it down!
Loved the novel HATED THE ENDING. I was hoping Amy paid for all of the lives she ruined. Really disappointed with the ending.
This is the second book I have read by this author, the first being Dark Places. While I loved the book, thought it was well written, devious, imaginative, at times hysterical (ok well maybe it's me) the end was somewhat unsatisfying. I guess books are just what the reade makes them. I will say, it reminds me of a 21st century remake of the movie War of the Roses.
I bought the Kindle version of this.  First of all, I need to mention that there are quite a few errors in the Kindle edition.  Pages weren't lined up properly (so when I went to the next page, 3-4 lines of text was repeated, and once some lines were missing).  The errors were concentrated in the beginning of the book and didn't affect my comprehension, but it was still annoying.As to the book itself, it was a pageturner.  I read it during one day of Christmas break.  I saw the surprise in Book 2 coming, as well, but I enjoyed the plot devices and the twists and turns.  The biggest problem is the last third of the book, as others have mentioned.  Ok, fine, it's not believable, but I don't really think that was the author's point for the entire book.  It's a thriller, and I can accept it on its own terms.  The last third, however, does not hold up even in the world of the novel.  It ran out of steam and was disappointing.  I still found the overall reading experience enjoyable, however.  It provided entertainment.
I read it in two days during law school exams. That should tell you something. Read it. You will not be sorry.
This book is so slow. I continued to read it  by pure determination. It was a huge disappointment and I found myself skimming pages to get through the bordom. Two stars is being generous.
I loved this book, it kept me engaged and guessing. There are many layers, twists and turns to the characters and storyline. I kept thinking I had it figured out but then another twist. It's been a long time since I've read a book that kept me this interested.  Was it perfect?  No, but it's 'fun' in a diabolical way.  And when the book was finished I had a creeped out feeling that hung on for a while -  diabolically written.  After a while, I'll read another of Flynn's books when I get over this one!
'Gone Girl' is not exactly a gripping novel though it is entertaining and piques ones curiosity, so in spite of the fact that you may find it starting to sound really far fetch and bordering on the ridiculous, you want to continue reading to see where it goes next.The story started out rather interesting but it wasn't hard for me to figure out what actually happened to Amy.  Like I said, it started out as an interesting story but unfortunately, the writer apparently didn't know how to end the book, lost enthusiasm and came up with an end that I was not impressed with.  It was quite blas&eacute;.
It is refreshing - a thriller that surprise you every turn, the kind of book that you think you've figure it out and suddenly things changes perspective.  Personally I've loved the ending! Refreshing and far from usual &#34;fairy tale like&#34;most authors go to please readers. Subtle and engaging - it makes you think what is about a perfect relationship - what is normal and what is pathological. The end will be controversial, many will complaint fore sure, but I definitely enjoyed it.
From the beginning, this book felt like it tried too hard to be clever when the story really didn't warrant cleverness.  I found it painful to read through the various stages.  And not to spoil the fun for those who actually might enjoy reading it, but I need to say that, even if I had been enjoying it, the ending would have fixed that for me.
I enjoyed this book. I have read several of Gillian Flynn's books and they have all been real page turners. Gillian Flynn is very good at framing her characters and the story so that it builds to a strong ending, sometimes a very surprising ending, like in this book. As a man, the Amy character scares the scrap out of me.
An interesting read but I gave it 3 stars because I was disappointed with the ending.  I kept waiting for Nick to turn things around.  The first part of the book was a little slow but it does pick up in the second half.  The &#34;twist&#34; in the story I pretty much saw coming but it was well written. Over all not a bad book but maybe just not my cup of tea.
As a writer, I have a lot of appreciation for the structure of the story. It's tricky, but Flynn pulls it off. There are some holes and inconsistencies in the plot, but overall, it's a satisfying read. Great character voices.
but I guess that was the purpose. I read it for a book-club and finished it before half the group .... It is not a hard read but it does skip around in time which was confusing.
Could have been amazing. Instead it felt like I wasted several hours of my life that I now can't get back! The author had a great idea and could have made this book great, however, she decided to the route of The Crush ('93). There's nothing more to say really other than, even though disappointing, the book could have been better simply by removing the mostly unnecessary vulgarity.
couldn't put this book down and it's not my usual genre............macabre and calculated..........what some people think they can do and get away with................
Couldn't put this book down. This was my first introduction to Gillian Flynn and I loved her style of writing.
Definitely a nail biter. I couldn't stop reading this and the ending OMG the ending...definitely a twist I didn't see coming!
Engrossing, edge of your seat, stay up all night reading.... An amazing portrayal of a marriage, a family, a town...nick and Amy have a perfect, golden existence until the recession and his mother's illness upended their world. Does disappointment and bitterness turn charming and likable Nick into a killer?You will be gripped by the prose, the plot, the characters. At the end I immediately felt the need to re read this incredible book.Don't buy this unless you are prepared to neglect your life until you are done reading!,
Excellent plot and suspense. Story told with multiple first person prose. The plot was meticulously detailed and developed. I would be very afraid of this woman. Good read.
Gillian Flynn paints a scary look at modern-day ralationships and makes desparate housewives look like a fairy tale.  The interaction between husband and wife is anything but normal and yet her descriptions seem to fit their personalities to a remarkable degree.  I was blown away by the ending and, quite frankly, did not see this one coming.  Definitely can recommend this one.
Good read, horrible, disappointing, frustrating, disturbing ending. If you're trying to decide between this and another book, choose the other book.
Great novel. The complex and ever changing plot line really kept my interest throughout the book. I would highly recommend
Husband Nick and wife Amy are both nutters. Their crazy obsessed love,hate relationship twists and turns through bizarre and outrageous situations. You have to stop for a break just to try and process how mental these two are. But like the characters,you go back for more.
I absolutely loved this book! I was so into it I didn't want to eat or sleep or go to work. I found myself endeared to Any from the beginning and very much endeared to get by the end. Lol I'm not entirely sure what that says about me but hey, it is what it is. I recommend this book to absolutely everyone. Especially married and LTR folks :)
I am shocked by a lot of the negative reviews on this book. I was also very annoyed by the choice of ending but I don't think that should detract from what was otherwise a great read.The twists and turns are genuinely good and mostly unexpected. It is very rare that a big twist can feel natural and geniune in a book without being telegraphed or overdone. It was very subtle in places.As many have stated the ending is a huge dissapointment. Of the six or seven endings that I could imagine this choice was definetly the weakest. I would also say that it is rare that I read a book that almost every character can be hated but I genuinely disliked almost everyone in the book (save for a few lesser characters). It creates a weird sensation of not being sure who you want to win the day.Read it.
I bought this book because the "Look Inside" showed 1) energy and 2) a strong, unique *voice* -- things sorely missing in the vast majority of fiction these days. I downloaded the Kindle version and dug in.Well, there's only so much Esquire/Cosmo cleverness one can bear, especially when the topic is so inconsequential. The characters I was meeting were transcendent only in their wit, not their humanity. One was a jerk, the other a tawdry psychopath. Do I want to spend time with these people? Their inner monologues are witty, and the plotting is nice and twisty, but these are Chinese food characters: spicy, but forgettable and unsatisfying.I started skimming around the 10% point. Then I stopped skimming and I plunged straight to the middle of the book, hopped to the big plot points, and skipped to the end. By "end" I don't mean the point at which the conflicts are resolved and the theme is played out; I mean the point at which the author stopped typing.The tale is ultimately cold and unilluminating. If you're looking for literature that rouses you, that makes you dream, that imparts wisdom or insight, this won't do it for you. On the other hand, if you don't need anything particularly sublime and you just want to blow through a week of evenings listening to the most articulate nutjobs in the room, you'll absolutely love it.
I bought this book months ago just looking for something to take up some of my time. I had not heard of any good books lately so I randomly selected this one. Let me tell you - I'm glad that I did!!! I'm not typically into mystery novels but this one had something special. I absolutely loved the characters and the way that the author slowly built up the story line. If I say much more I will start to give out spoilers..and that would just ruin the mystery! Take it from me. This book is WORTH the read!
I couldn't put it down.  It wzs full of unexpected twists.  Great character development.  I highly recommend it to any mystery fan.
I couldn't put this book down! It uses an artful way to tell the story of two people whose marriage has gone hopelessly wrong.  While neither of the main characters are particularly likeable, it doesn't really matter because you are waiting to learn what happens next. It was one of the best suspenseful novels I've read in a long time.
I enjoyed this very clever mystery. It's well written, cleverly plotted, gripping, and somewhat unpredictable. By which I mean that I guessed the answer before the end, but only on a hunch. It's been an enormous hit, and I can see why. Recommended for Tana French fans.
I gave this 2 stars because I did finish it. But it was more in the way people stare at a train wreck because they can't look away. By the time I reached the midpoint of this book, I loathed both of these people. I didn't want to be in a world where people like this exist. The only saving grace I could think of was that at least they were with each other, and thus saving two other innocent people from being with either of them.
I get what the author was trying to do with the ending; I really do. However, there were sooo many holes in the ending and the story that I just ended up rolling my eyes. What started as a really good book ended with some really stupid and contrived crap. I wish I could get my money back because honestly with the work the first half of the novel had it should have had a better ending.
I had pretty much written this one of as a "Chick Thriller" when it first came out.  When it was nominated for the Best Novel Edgar a few weeks ago I thought I'd give it another look, though.  I then found several reviews that clearly stated that this was not Chick Lit, so why not? I'm pretty darn glad I did.To attempt to review this book without spoilers is pretty tough considering it's all the twists and turns that make it so good.  To avoid giving away too much, I'm going to try to use my feelings and thoughts about the book as I went along rather than discuss specific plot points.Within a few chapters I was impressed with author Gillian Flynn's writing.  The author uses both the husband's and wive's POV in alternating chapters.  She is very successful in giving each character their own voice.  There is never any confusion between Nick or Amy's chapters, each feeling as though different people did write them.  She is able to distinguish each not only through writing style, but through the differences of male and female psychology.All is good for a while and the reader is thrown a revelation here and there, but nothing too shocking.  Just under halfway through the book, though, it really started to lose me.  I felt like I was reading an adaptation of a bad, cliched Lifetime movie.  This was "Chick Lit" and I've been robbed!  I was ready to toss it aside like so many other reviewers and commenters here have.About 20 pages after my breaking point I couldn't put it down.  Just like so many characters in the book, I had been fooled... rocked to sleep with a bedtime story, never that there was a monster under the bed.  In 20 or 30 pages so many seemingly unimportant threads and clues from the first half come slamming together so quickly that I felt like I had to stop to catch my breath.  From here on out the pace of the book never relents.  Flynn never lets you forget how you were just as easily duped as the sheep following the tabloid headlines.By the end I was exhausted both physically and mentally.  Not only did it keep me up half the night, it threw one curveball after another at my brain.  This one is a great read for anyone that like a good page-turner, psychological dramas, or even old fashioned noir.  You're doing yourself a disservice is you pass this one by because you think it's a chick book or if you bail on it early because it gets a little tedious - it's supposed to!
I have to say that this is one of those amazing ideas which is well crafted down to the finest detail. PERSONALLY, I thought the end was disappointing...but maybe I'm too orthodox for Gillian Flynn :). Either way, she deserves props for a very well thought out plot...most of the time :)
I loved this book. It was fast paced with lots of twists and it ends entirely different than I anticipated. I enjoy when a novelist can keep you guessing for so long. Knowing what your partner in marriage is truly thinking is hard to know and this book plays on that.  Read this, you will not regret it.
I loved this book.  The twists and turns and the characters were riveting.  A great summer read. I got my husband to read it and he couldn't put it down.  Now my husband is making our teens read it too.
I really enjoyed this dark and twisty book. I felt that reviews of the controversial ending were exaggerated. It was not an expected ending and thats part of what I really liked about it. I walked away thinking how messed up it was. Truly a very good author, I thoroughly enjoyed the twists and couldn't put it down.
I started reading this book because everyone raved about it, but it took me a while to get into the book. I'm not sure I liked the way it ended and did not like the route it took. Skeptic party of 1 I know, but I admit about half way through I had to find out what the heck happens.
I think the plot of this book was very creative and many in our group did not see what was coming.  I think everyone will enjoy the twist that happens about 3/4 ways thru the book.  Don't quit reading before you find out who the 'killer' is.
I truly enjoyed this mystery with all it's twists in thinking...until the very end....then I just felt robbed of a good ending, I am sorry to say. Don't get me wrong, I don't expect or want my books to tie up all the loose ends for me, but this one really left me upset. That is the reason for 4 out of 5 possible stars. Up until the end, it is a good mystery.
It's too long to remember to give a review
It's unfortunate that this book taken as a whole wasn't nearly as satisfying or entertaining as the story it tells.  I enjoyed its narrative and structure, but I feel something was lost by dragging the story out into a novel of this length.
It was slow getting started with part one, but you could see for the most part a normal marriage to start with but it starts getting strange and a little rough.  Then you hit part two and it is fast past and very exciting.  Part three is a little strange but it ties it all together and you think wow could this really happen.
I was so engrossed thinking about the ending of this book and the ... twist ... that I stopped at a green light driving to work!  Can't say anything else without giving it away! Great suspense novel.
I was truly enthralled with this book. I went through a roller coaster of emotions, but it was the ending that truly created the greatest reaction I've ever had from a book.
I would have given this 2 1/2 stars if I could have. The author deserves credit for keeping the two story lines going. I read this because I've heard they are making a movie of it, several friends in the past read it and I thought it was time to catch up. It was a roller coaster ride for sure - but not the kind you like with suspense, etc. I kept wondering WTH was this author trying to say - and wondering how they are going to do a movie (that I won't go see). BIG disappointment.
Loved the plot-different...it would twist and take a different direction at just the right time. I also like the character development of both the  husband and the wife. You could see how they got to the point they were at by the author's slow build on their personalities. Good beach read or any other time!
Loved this book. It's clever, mean, and delicious. This book will draw you in, then turn on you, and you'll stay for the ride even though you sense it can't possibly end in a way that will leave you feeling safe and secure. After all, how well do you really know the people you love?
My book club picked this book and during our discussion, we all agreed we did not like the principal characters.  The story started out good, but went downhill from there.
Now I know why this book has over 10,000 reviews and such polarizing viewpoints.This book is a rather frightening portrayal of an obviously mismatched husband and wife, and the lengths they go to plot against each other.  The storyline flips back-and-forth between "Amy's" version and "Nick's" version of their marriage gone wrong.  She disappears, and he is framed for murder.  Enter police, family, neighbors, etc - you never really know who is telling the truth.I almost ditched this book after reading the first 10% of it.  In the beginning, Amy was a too-good-to-be-true wife and it was getting tedious.  Then the story took off after that and it became fascinating.The storytelling and plot are brilliant - no question.  I took off a star because it seemed too long to me.  As others have said, the ending was rather odd and abrupt - and I didn't feel any closure.  Maybe there will be a sequel?
Once I started this book, it &#34;grabbed&#34; me.  I read it during every spare moment over two days.  Can't wait to discuss it with the rest of my book club.  The two main characters, while fascinating, were also disgusting in their self-immersion, disregard of the law and of the feelings of others.  They deserve each other, but since they also impact the lives of others, I wish they could be punished in some way (other than by each other) for their behavior.  Interesting and enjoyable manner of story telling, different from most I've read.  Well worth the purchase price.
Peerfect, awesome and loveeee Amy's intelligence,you begin to actually admire how clever she is one of the best books I read so far.
Psycho, page turner, what was he thinking, cover your tracks, secret signals. We have it all folks. Come in and enjoy.
slow start about half way thru it picks up not as good as her other books but still a decent t read if you can get thru the first half
The author has the ability to make the reader flip flop between love and hate for each of the characters. The two perspective format of her story telling kept me engaged with every chapter.
The book really kept my interest and became hard to put down.  The plot twisted and turned and kept you wondering what was going to happen next.  I was really enjoying the book until the end.  The ending left me frustrated and annoyed and spoiled the whole story for me.
The book was good, interesting plot twist you weren't expecting. HATED the way it ended, i got to the last page and thought this can't possibly be it.
The book was well written and hard to put down. There was a gradual revealing of the truth from 2 different characters at different periods in the story line which eventually came together and the surprising truth was revealed.
There's not much I can say about this book without spoiling some of the fun. It begins abruptly. Housewife Amy disappears on her five year wedding anniversary. The story is told alternately from the point of view of her husband, Nick, beginning the day of her disappearance and then passages from Amy's diary which starts at the beginning of their relationship. Readers are torn by the dubious Nick--can we trust anything he says? And we are treated to a conversation depiction of a strained marriage.There was a lot of hype behind this book, so I did purchase the day it came out. I wasn't disappointed. I spent every waking hour listening to this one--so beware. I truly enjoyed this one.Kirby who reads Nick is decent, but Julia who reads Amy is awesome. She is perfect.
The story was so fun it made up for the poor editing.  The dialog was very week in spots but the extreme creativity of the story line made up for this.  I almost gave up after 125 pages,  but I hung on (despite my 100 page rule) and was glad that I did.  The story was a 5 star and the editing was a 1 star.
The structure is contrived, the plot makes no realistic sense, but Flynn certainly knows how to keep you turning the pages! If you're looking for great literature this is certainly not that, but if you want to be entertained for a few hours this book is head and shoulders ahead of 99.9% of the movies that try to accomplish the same purpose.
This book is a nonsense book all the way through. Crazy twists and turns. If you like neat little wrapped up stories where the bad guy always gets his comeuppance, not for you. I don't know which character I hate the most. This book leaves you feeling dirty and very confused. That being said, it is very well written and really once you get into it, you can't put it down. It will be interesting to see how they turn it into movie...
This book is a trip. A crazy, twisted trip that you just can't stop reading. I want to say it was a good read but that doesn't really do it justice.
This books was great! not a dull moment and total mind Fudgsticle! whip lash in every direction i really had no idea what to think. i followed this with the audio book (1st time) and i loved it. it didnt take from the story at all. the ending was awesome. yeah i didnt like it but i didnt expect to. it ended the way it should have. i cant say much with out giving it away but ooohhhh its great. im looking forward to more of her books.
This book was absolutely incredible, but I am a little biased. I fell in love with the author, Gillian Flynn, in high school when I read her first novel, Sharp Objects. I can't recommend this author highly enough for anyone who enjoys thrillers that require a lot of thinking.Gone Girl is based around a married couple, Nick and Amy, and is in both of their points of views. The first half of the book is present-day Nick and diary entries from Amy starting from when she first met her future husband. In the first look at Nick he seems a little off, and then Amy is missing. There's been a struggle in the living room that doesn't look legit and blood has been cleaned, but not well enough, in the kitchen. The entire first half Nick is acting odd and Amy's diary makes it obvious who she was fearful of.And then everything comes to a head, multiple clues come to light, insane realizations are made and everything you thought you understood up to that point was just wrong. It was amazing! Flynn keeps you guessing the entire novel and the ending is not what you'd expect. I'll admit, the ending was a bit less climatic than I thought it would be from her other novels but it was still shocking and I'm still absorbing it.I highly recommend this novel!
This book was captivating from the start.  At each turn I was asking myself what else could happen.  And, then I got to the end and. ... Seriously! I was so ticked off.  While it may have been the perfect ending for this book, I hated it. Overall, it was a good book and well written.
This book was crazy messed up! I read the whole thing in two days because it just kept getting stranger and stranger. I love when a good book makes you want to keep turning the pages- this book definitely does that!
This book was gripping, until the end. The ending was really blah. The rest was compelling enough that it was still worth the read but kind of a waste in the end, huh? It's like the author just got tired of writing, or got tired of thinking through the complicated plot as she identified with her characters. I wish someone had just told me to read to a certain page, close the book, and write the ending in my own head. I think a &#34;and they lived happily ever after&#34;, or &#34;no they didn't&#34; would have been just as good.
This book will keep your interest all the way through.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because of the ending.  I liked it, after I got used to it, but at first I felt like I got dropped off a cliff!  Starting her next book already, Dark Places.  This is a must to read.
This is another book I am not enjoying.  When I read the review it looked like it would be interesting and a good story but when I started reading it just is not holding my interest.  When I have nothing else to read maybe I'll try again.
This is one of those rare books with depth, great writing, and a compelling thriller narrative all bundled into a single package. Not since reading Raymond Chandler- and I am measuring my words -have I come across such a smart, compelling read. I'm hooked on Gillian Flynn.
This is the first book I've read by Gillian Flynn. There's not too much that I can say about the book. It's definitely a book that needs to be experienced and I feel like revealing too much in the review would ruin it for people and I don't want to do that.Gone Girl deals with Nick and Amy Dunne. Mainly their marriage. On the day of theiir 5th wedding anniversary Amy goes missing. So what happened to her? Was she abducted from her and Nick's Missouri home? Did Nick have something to do with it? Is Amy even still alive?Flynn did a wonderful job of surprising me. I started out thinking / believing one thing and slowly Flynn would throw bits and pieces of information at me that would make me second guess where the story was going. Flynn did such a great job of this and it flowed so well with the story that it never just became a device. She threaded her plot together so tightly I was very impressed.Nick and Amy are both characters who have many different layers to them. I felt myself change my opinion on both characters numerous times before the end of the book. Flynn did a wonderful job exploring "double meanings" nothing was what it seemed, but it could be. Everything could be taken one of two (or more) ways. What you were seeing might be the truth or it may be a lie.At first, I would have liked the book to end differently, but, upon further thought, I think that the ending served the characters best. There were some things left unsaid in the end. Just one of those things that readers have to draw their own conclusions for.This is definitely the type of book that I will think about for days after I've finished it. Just thinking about the different twists and turns. I highley recommend this book, it was difficult to put down once I started reading.
This is the first time I have read anything by Gillian Flynn. I really enjoyed how the characters "talked" to the reader and I liked the flow of the story.
This one keep's you reading and turning pages one right after the other.This is one you think you have it figured out.But then come&#34;s a twist you did not see coming .Great ready don't start you les you can read all night long as I did.
This was a great book with a great story line.  I loved how it jumped back and forth from husband to wife.  I did not love the ending, but overall a great book!  I would definitely read more by this author!
This was an amazing read, a real roller coaster.  Typically I can figure out the &#34;whodunits&#34; after a couple of chapters, or at least have a good theory going.  This book totally snowballed me.  I had no theories, no ideas at all about who did what when.  Gillian Flynn works some serious plot magic, leaves you guessing and hanging and then pulls a twist so clever you will be left speechless.The only disappointment for me was the ending.  Don't get me wrong, the ending was what the characters deserved, but it left me feeling sorry for too many of the second tier characters, none of their stories ended as justly.  I wish I could say more about that, but I don't want to ruin anyone's enjoyment of this book by giving anything away.Seriously, don't read this book if you have other things going on.  My life was suspended for several days while I devoured this story whole.
This was very good!  Another book I couldn't put down.  I couldn't believe the ending.  As soon as I finished it I picked up the phone to call my friend and discuss it with her!!
This whole book build and builds for an ending that will blow you out of the water, only to leave you hanging.
Total disappointment. The ending killed a great read. I feel cheated and I regret reading this book. I don't even know if I would read a second book if this happens to be a series. If you need a definite ending do not read this book.if you don't mind a guessing game by all means this book will suit you fine.
Very entertaining.  I don't usually care for who done its bit I loved this book.  A bit disappointed with ending.
Very well written. Much more so than other books of this genre. Suspense with a bit of wry humor thrown in. An easy enjoyable read. Perhaps a bit too many plot twists towards the end but still very enjoyable.
Was hard to find a stopping point because at some point during the day, even in your day off from work, you have to run errands, go tinkle, wash hands, which requires setting your Kindle down, fix your lunch, etc.  Gillian Flynn is so unique in her writing style, I literary developed a 'love-hate' relationship with Amy and Nick.  Geez, I can see bits and pieces of my marriage in this book, so raw and real, the dialogues so convincing.  I will definitely read more of Mrs. Flynn's work.
Well written and good character development. Gives anyone in a committed relationship food for thought as to how people change  or are changed over time.
When I started this book, I had a hard time getting into it. Then the plot twist made everything turn around and I read the novel ravenously. I look forward to the sequel.
While I was interested in the story I very soon was turned off by the unnecessary bad language. I would have recommended this book to others if the bad language was not there because the plot is captivating.
While the book was slow to start, I was confident in this writer because I loved her other books.  Stick with the story because it is a twisting concept that boggles the mind!
Wow!  This story in the end pissed my off.  Sorry only writing.  This girl was so good at what she did that it upset me in the end.  If want to read a book that will have you screaming and yelling at the end.  Then you must read this
A nail-biter that seemed like an implausable plot until the story began to unfold.  The ending left me sad and a bit an.gry with the protagonist
An interesting plot and believable characters. The storyline surprised me, and I read the book in one go. Highly recommended!
but is does get better as the book moves on.  The prose does flip flop between decent and childish.  Good book to escape with.
Even though this book had high ratings, I am over 1/3 into it and so far it is NOT one of those &#34;can't put down&#34; novels. Not sure I will try this author again unless this book takes off. Still waiting....
First time I've read this author.  Good pace.  My jaw actually dropped more than once.  Highly recommend.  Just bought two more of her novels.
Getting tired of having to come up with my own endings. Please tie it up neatly with a bow.Otherwise a good page turner, that left me guessing and jaw dropping at times. Will read her other books.
Great story! Caught my interest quickly and kept it.  Many twists and turns.  Evokes strong feelings toward the main characters.  Glad I read this book.
Great story until the end, which just decides to bow out before the story is over. Had me completely gripped until then though.
I could not put this book down. I also was completely unable to guess what was coming. it was creepy, sad , exhilarating and hopeful all at once. I wanted a more straightforward ending, for good to triumph over evil. So I was somewhat discouraged. But there is more to this story.
I could not put this book down. The writing techniques Flynn used to tell this story and also make it a metaphor for modern relationships and marriages was brilliant. Such a week written thriller and extremely funny and entertaining!
I didn't like this one so much. It took to long to build up to the point. The thing with the father coming to the house. Just not my way to a end
I didn't particularly find these characters believable.  I understood the flaws of each, but their character and their actions didn't really mesh in my mind.
I enjoyed each chapter switching from one character to the other...really kept you wondering what was going on..highly recommend this read!
I'll save it for the meeting, but this would not be a choice I would have picked, suffice it to say.
In a world where many ideas are redone in new and freshened up ways, I can honestly say I have never read anything like this. Extremely engrossing, well-written, and thrilling! Highly recommend.
I really enjoyed this book because it had an interesting plot line and many surprises. It was a fun read.
I really liked this book, but I was a little disappointed by the ending.  This was the first Gillian Flynn book that I had read.  I will definitely read more of her work.
It's an ok book...didn't like how it ended tho. Only reason reading so fast was to see when it'd get better.
It took me awhile to get into this book, but I needed to see what happened in the end. :)
It was a good book with a suprise twist and then another suprise ending. I couldn't put this down. Very good read.
Just the right amount of suspense to keep you reading...didn't want this one to end.I enjoyed both the characters. great book
Just when you think you have it figured out, it twists again. Its a good story. Its definitely worth buying.
Kept my interest from the very beginning.  Took no time to "get into" and I must say the plot twists were totally unpredictable.
Loved this book and the writer's style. You hate Nick and love amy then you love Nick and hate amy! Loved the end. The plot was truly masterful!
Ms. Flynn's imagination is beyond amazing. The book is riveting, with astonishing characters and jaw-dropping plot twists. Delightfully sinister...read it!
My daughters recommended this book to me. It was pretty good---sometimes I thought it was a little slow in reading.
Never read a book before that had a such a twist to the middle of the book. It left me completely mind boggled. I loved itl
not super happy with ending but overall excellent. writing was suberb. so well thought out. a little funny. no loose ends left. great
One of the longest, most drawn-out books I've ever read.  I continued to read it because I needed to know how it ended.  The ending was...Yeah, I don't even have a word for it.  Very disappointed.
One surprise after another in a completely engrossing novel.  Don't miss this one!  You'll definitely become a Gillian Flynn fan.
read it for book club.  would make a good summer read.  fun story, interesting characters, suspenseful .  not literary enough for a book club read.
So many twists and turns!  I can't believe I read it waaaaay before the date of my book club.  The best part is that there are so many &#34;Ohhhh!&#34; moments!!!  Couldn't put it down.
This book definitely held my attention right from the start. The only thing  I would have wished for was a different ending. It ended rather abruptly.
This book kept you reading right until the end.  The only thing I was a bit disappointed in was the ending; I wanted more!  But maybe a sequel??
THIS IS A WELL WRITTEN, VERY CLEVER BOOK. IT HAD ME FROM PAGE 1 ALL THE WAY TO THE END.
This was and is one of the best books I have read lately. All kinds if cuckoo crazy and suspense. I loved it!!
This was a rollercoaster ride. I loved every minute of it. I honestly couldn't put it down. I haven't read a book I would recommend to another in a long time.... I definitely recommend this one.
This was our book club pick. It drew me in right away. I'm ready for the follow on book. It kept me reading to each new turn.
Very interesting the way the story unfolds - the twister smack in the middle ( actually couple of twisters)The ending I have mixed feelings about but it wasn't what I expectedA good gripping read about a marriage gone wrong nd it's consequences
Well worth the read - I loved all the twists and turns in the plot - when is the movie due???!
With the great ratings this book received, I thought this was going to be a great read.  Very predictable & I could not wait to be finished with it.
WOW amazing book, interesting and fun, a different kind of novel that keeps the reader on his or her toes, real page turner!
I am still in the process of trying to find time to read this book, I know once I do get some time I'm sure it won't take me log to finish it!
I read this one not too long ago. I didn't love it. It wasn't the worst thing I've ever read either.  None of the characters have any redeeming value or likeability
Maybe it is just me, but in a good read, there should be a moral lesson: the villain should be brought to justice. I just don't like stories that end up validating someone totally reprehesible, or, in this case 2. Sorry, just not my cup of tea!
This book came with high ratings. Not impressed. Went on to long for me. Took me weeks to get it finished.
Very good read, left me wanting more.  Love the way the story is told by both sides.  Unexpected twists and turns.
I didn't like the ending.  I thought the ending would be better with Amy getting what she deserved. A life in prison.
good book, out of the ordinary, not what you expect, well written, smart, keeps you on your toes, quick read
I am an avid reader but never wrote a review before. Gone Girl has compelled me to do so. The ending ruined it for me. I liked the book for the first 3/4. But then it seemed like the author just got tired of writing. It is amazing how a bad ending can change my whole perception of the entire book. I glad I got this book from the library. I would have been very disappointed if I paid for this with my hard earned money.
I read, and read, and read to find a point.  The beginning was slow, got rather interesting in the middle.  I even mentioned I was reading it to people.  About 75% through I was bogged down.  Where was the point?  I didn't have any empathy for the characters.  It was a very long book and as the ending came into view, the points were lost, the plot was lost and I was insulted.  However, there wasn't an end.  Instead it was a slow painful death (which I guess was the point).  I was annoyed by the waste of my time and the cost of the book.  IF you are looking for a good mystery with an interesting plot, identifiable characters, don't get this book.  Try Agatha Christie.
I really like Gillian Flynn and I 5 star loved her previous 2 books. Read them in one go even if I was up til 5 a.m., then re-read them 3 times in a row as soon as I finished each. While this one was certainly enjoyable, extremely well written and clever, it lacks a certain punch that the 1st two did. Frankly, none of the things that were supposed to shock or surprise me did. And after all the buildup, the ending just seems like the book was published with several missing chapters. There was no closure, too many ends left dangling, too many threads unresolved. Still it's better than most of what's out there...... I just expected a lot more from her. She really specializes in really damaged (but in some unusual way, nothing run of the mill about these flawed ladies) female protagonist who have horrid back stories that define who they are. Although Amy fits very gently into that mold, the book just doesn't capture this visceral landscape that Dark Places and Sharp Objects seem to inhabitate.
It's rare that I don't finish a book.  I always feel that even reading a less than desirable book it must get better.  This was my exception.  I started it thinking that with so many people loving it, I would too.  Part of the way in I gave up and decided life is too short and there are too many other good books to read to waste my time.  Now I hear it's being made into a movie.  Oh dear!
I was hesitant to read Gone Girl. It was recommended by a friend. I read the description and thought, 'I'm not giving to like this book.' Boy, was I wrong! It is fantastically written! I was blown away with the level of intensity down in the built-in of these characters. The writing style is phenomenal! Highly recommended book
I was late to reading this book and was concerned it wouldn't live up to the hype....I couldn't have been more wrong. The book barrels through our opinions of good and evil and poses scary questions as to who we really are and do we ever know a person and sometimes scarier do we ever know ourselves.  Gillian Flynn is a force to be reckoned with, be prepared to ask yourself some interesting questions. Gillian speaks truer to an inner psyche than is found in most writing today. Can't wait to devour her other works.
Knowing ahead of time that most people hated the ending, it was predictable. I truly think that Nick was too strong in character to end the way this book ends. People who do see the movie will hate the ending. Most, if they want to see it, should wait for it to stream free - especially if you survived this book.
Loved, loved, loved this book! Our book club read it and had a fabulous discussion about it!  We really had gold discussion around how we changed allegiances to the characters in the book -- and the ending was even a better discussion -- can't wait for the movie!
Really. As the plot thickened,  it became more and more sickening.  I found it be too unrealistic and sappy.  Amy's character just wouldn't let it go and made me lose interest.  I was eager to read before the movie however the book has made less likely to see.  Very hard to believe the ending.Eileen, Stone Mountain, GA
Suspense filled book. Keeps you asking for more. Read book on suggestion from friend and definitely loved the book. Will be reading the other book by this author.
This book was not a disappointment. I literally could not put it down...I had to keep reading to find out what was going to happen next. Very well written. Highly recommended!
This book was recommended to me by several people. I could not wait to read it. The entire book was slow. It took me weeks to read this book and it should have taken me several days. I am giving this two stars because the story line was different but I could not stand the characters.
What can I say? I enjoyed Gone Girl. It's dark, twisted - just the kind of thing I like. Not everything has to be roses and kittens and rainbows. The narrative switches between Amy and Nick, and depending on your own personality and life story, you may find things about both of them that you can connect with, but mostly, they are too far out there for the average Dick and Jane to find relatable - and that's a good thing, in my opinion. Just accept that this is a story about two messed up people doing messed up things and take a ride to the dark side of sociopathic humanity. It's an escape from reality, use it as such. That is the most I will say about the plot.About 2/3 of the way through, the story slowed down to a point where I started to feel like skipping chunks, which is a huge pet peeve of mine. (I won't get into a huge diatribe here about publisher word counts and fluff and overindulgent detailed settings. Keep it tight and when in doubt, leave it out. I would much rather read a concise 200 page novel than a 350 page book of fluff that could be 250. I'll probably skip those 100 pages anyway, so thanks for making me pay extra for all the air in the bag.) This is not always the fault of the author, the industry mostly, but more authors need to stand up and fight it.Anyway, I really did like it, for the most part. I enjoy books where the characters are flawed and full of crap, and ultimately, do everything for the benefit of their own egos, which to me is very real. Gillian does a great job of giving each character their own unique voice, and the things that pop into their heads are always honest, even when they are lying, because just like in real life, we all tell ourselves lies and once we've heard those lies enough times, they become truth to us.
A fun and quick read with lots of twists. I would recommend it. It is our book club selection this month.
Great story, bad ending. You want a little more justice and are left wanting just one more chapter, one last twist.
The story was very unique and a little creepy but enjoyable. I wonder if people have actually been in these positions before.
This book was extremely well crafted with all the pieces falling together at the last minute.  The story was fascinating and I loved the ending; the characters felt like real flawed people.  Great read, totally addictive.
I wish to be very careful in how I write this review.  This book is excellent. This book is horrific. This book is insanely well written.  You can get the gist of what the book is about from the preview of the book, however it is and it is not what the book is really about.  How well can you ever really know someone?  Can you ever really know someone? This me made me think really hard about dating.  We all put on a show so to speak, some more than others, but just how much?  This book takes you there, and leaves you writhing in that realization and the pain of it and doesn't let go.  It twists you and turns you and knots you up.  I talked about this book for a week after I was finished with it because it begs alot of questions.  Read this book.  You will not be sorry!
Loved this book. Lots of twists and turns that left you speculating as to what the heck was really going on. Loved it from beginning to end.
main character is unlikeable - but that is a welcome change from all the cute leads out there.book very well written.  i will look up gillian flynn and buy something else - the storyline was fast moving and intricate.  very well done!
This book was captivating and annoying right from the beginning.  I love a good mystery, and the writing was decent, so I stuck with it.  I was, however, annoyed that a 38 year old woman was keeping a diary and I found the content within to be like a bad teenage chick flick, and I sort of wanted to punch her in the face more for that than for any of the other horrible things she does throughout the rest of the book.I do have to admit though - for all that, I could not put it down.  I really REALLY wanted to know how it would all end.  And then...The ending was so completely unsavory and unsatisfying that I wish I had stopped reading before the final chapter.  I read in another comment that the author got writer's block at 82% of the way through.  She should have stopped there.  The ending ruined this entire book.  Scratch that, there isn't even an ending to speak of.  She just stopped writing words.
I purchased this book based on the overwhelming number of great reviews.  The author is a skilled writer and the plot methodology was well done.  For some reason I was never emotionally drawn in by the characters.  They seemed flat.  The ending was disappointing.  More importantly, what happened to Amy that caused this whole scenario?  There was no discernable catalyst or pattern to cause the level seen here.  I was hungry for a page turner.  This was not the one for me.  I would consider future books by this author because this story did not do justice to the talent obviously there.
This is a fun read, very contemporary with its inclusion of modern media trends (print, broadcast and social), and I recommend you have someone else that's read it - much discussion required!
Wait until the price goes down, the hype settles, and be prepared for a thriller that has unbelievable characters, some fun plot twists, and an unbelievable ending that is disapointing.  I think I paid 11.99, and that was 8 dollars too much. I read a great deal and this book needed more crafting to reach a 4 star level. Because of the high price and my ultimate disappointment, I give it a 2 star rating. If you get to buy it for much less, you might feel you got a 3 star read.
Boy, this book was really hard to put down. This is a good suspense thriller and when you believe the truth is written on the next page, there's another twist instead. Amy and Nick are in a very sick relationship and at times I felt sorry for both of them and then I wanted both to be caught. I wasn't happy with the ending, but it just proved the point that both of them are crazy individuals and they may feed off of the craziness. I have to say this was the first book I've read by Gillian Flynn and I plan to read Dark Places and Sharpe Objects.
I thought at the beginning it was interesting but I kept waiting for something to happen. It was very slow and then there was at least one thing that I couldn't stop thinking during the whole thing....Nick had an alibi! He didn't do anything to his wife!!! But that alibi never even came up in the book. Nick's attorney never even asked him about it. He was free and clear. And the ending was just unbearable. I have already warned a friend NOT to read this book. Men and woman are not like this....unless they are just plain crazy and off their meds.
Never saw that coming. The beginning was SLOW. I stuck it out and then I couldn't put it down. I can't wait for the movie.
Amazon needs to give their books ratings like movies.  I was offended by the language and what was shaping up to be a sexual encounter on the street among two strangers in the first few pages.  I stopped reading.  What a waste of money.  A rating or hint of content could have warned those of us who would prefer not to be exposed to this.
Too much bad language for me that over shadowed the story line.  The plot was good, but spoiled by the language.
This was selected by my book discussion group.  I would never have finished it, except for that obligation.  I felt slimy when I had finished it. Ugh! It is ugly and badly written. What is more, the characters are not in the least interesting. How dreadful that the novel should have deteriorated so badly. Jacqueline Susan did a better job than this Ms. Flynn. This is the worst book I have read in YEARS. I'm sorry I bought it on Kindle and won't have the satisfaction of throwing it in the trash. I'm a Psych professional - the science is bad -- sloppy -- ; the lawyer in my group pointed out that the legal & police procedural material is bad.
I started this book once but stopped when the main character, Amy's diary started as I couldn't stand her. But there was something fascinating in the direction the narration was taking so I picked it up again and couldn't put it down until I was done. And boy, was I wrong about Amy - without giving any spoilers, I sure misjudged her.The very last lines of the book left me uncertain if/where/when it would all end. The overall plot resolution was dark and twisted, somewhat hard to swallow unless you see it as a allegory for how, in many marriages we all start as one thing, what we want others to see us as, then gradually devolve into our true selves or a resemblance to our true selves that changes to accommodate the manipulations of the other partner. We do this to each other - maybe not to the same sociopathic level as here. The concessions we make to maintain the marriage for whatever form of dysfunction we have been raised with or developed as a part of our nature or nurture and are destined to live out in our own pathetic lives.. This story is very very dark, but if you've ever been in a dysfunctional relationship, you'll "get" it.Some reviewers have mentioned the foul language, but I didn't find it to be unnecessarily offensive. Given the characteristics of especially Amy, her disrespectful, depraved manner of referring to men, women, and sexually related discussion reflects her level of contempt, and is an important element of her "voice" in the story.
I liked this book, but did not find it to be great writing. The plot moves along and is suspenseful enough. The characters are reasonably well written, but the reader is not drawn to sympathize with the characters. I can't be more specific, but something is lacking in the character development.I do like the way Flynn took her time revealing the true nature of the "heroine" in the story. I did not see the first one coming, although that does explain the girlish nature of the diary entries, which had me wondering whether I wanted to keep reading.
I hadn't read a thriller in a few years so I was excited to read this book.  It was everything I hoped it would be and more.  The author was awesome at pulling you into the story and making you care about the characters.  The story was very well written.  I had a hard time putting it down to go to bed.  I loved this and and I will definitely be reading Gillian Flynn's other novels.  Read this, you will not be disappointed.
Took me about 50 pages to start liking it, then I FELL IN LOVE with this book. So much truth and insight into human nature in this book. Beautifully and smartly written. Some people are griping about the end--phooey. I'm griping that the story HAD TO END. Can't wait to read Flynn's other novels now.
As someone who reads an average of one or more mystery/thriller books per week on my Kindle, I am utterly amazed that this book reached the top of the list of best sellers. I kept reading for the first 40% of the book because even though it was horribly written and completely boring I kept thinking there must be a reason so many people bought it. I was thinking that Gloria Steinem had written a soap opera. Finally it began to have a minimum of suspense, but it never reached the level of mediocrity. Then I got to the ending. At least I think it was and ending. Maybe it was meant as a teaser for a follow up novel. If so it is certainly one that I will not waste my money on.
WOW.... I Loved Loved Loved this book. It sucked me in right from the opening. It was written excellently, Gillian Flynn certainly deserves praise for this one. I can not wait until October for the movie to be released. I don't want to say much on the book specifically because I believe the not knowing, the suspense of it all is what made the read phenomenal. You will NOT be disappointed.
Gone in a flash. Very quick, page-turning, beach read that will have you on the edge of your chair all the way through.
Loved this book! Really creative psychological thriller. Wanted to hurry and find out what would happen next and what the final outcome would be!!!
I didn't find any of the characters likeable, didn't like the ending, found the book slow at times.  The only good I could find with the story was its originality.
With all due respect to the 5 and 4 star reviewers, I am not sure that I read the same book. I will not get in a long drawn out review as to why this book deserves only 1 star I will just keep it short and sweet. The ending of this book is terrible! I actually set there holding my kindle wondering what just happened. Terrible
There was no way the reader could not feel the plight, emotions and disfunction of the characters. Solid writing with just enough detail. I have to admit it had a Scott and Lacey Petterson resemblance to it, which was creepy. I'm an avid reader, I read this book about a month ago and I still have flashbacks to it. The ending line is priceless!
What a fun read! I loved the back and forth between the points of view of the two characters. It was very dark and twisted. I thought the ending was perfect.
Flynn has spun an unbelievable tale filled with intrigue and deceit that keep the reader guessing what can possibly come next!  Too hard to put down!
When I saw this book was on the NY Bestseller list I decided to give it a try and very quickly got into the story. I even alternated between rooting for the wife's story and then flopping back to rooting for the husband's. My excitement built with the plot and I found that I couldn't put the book down because I was so anxious to find out how it would all turn out. Well, that's where it all went wrong (i.e. the ending) because it felt as though the author either ran out of steam and just slapped together a quickie ending to just finish the book off so she could go take a nap OR she couldn't decide how best to end the book and drew that ending option out of a hat. Needless to say, the ending was a HUGE disappointment!!! So although I'd definitely highly recommend this book, unless you're a sucker for disappointment, it might be best if you stop reading before the end....just a suggestion!
Gone Girl is one of the best books (Kindle) I've read in a long time. So many twists and turns. I couldn't put the book down!
This book is amazing. Even better than sharp objects, also by this author. You will not guess the ending. Awesome.
It is hard to impress me with a mystery book.  I have read so many over the years, that it's rare for me not to figure out the killer or the ending, etc.  This book is a little slow in the beginning.  You jump between the 2 main characters, Nick and Amy.  Amy's point of view is her speaking to you through her diary.  It gets a bit annoying and neither of the characters have any true rooting value.  Then you hit the halfway point of the book, and the whole story changes.  You will be left reading the last half of the book with your jaw dropped down to the floor and shaking your head incredulously.  The first half was a steady slow burn, and the second half is a 5 alarm fire!  While I predicted quite a bit of it, it just didn't matter, because it was that good.  And the ending is definitely one that you'll either love or hate.  I absolutely LOVED it and thought that it was the perfect ending for this book.  Very Hitchcock like.  It seems to have left a window for a sequel, but really I don't think that the author should do one.  It's prefect just the way it is.  I have since been recommending it to friends and family.  I've been enjoying all the different thoughts about this book.  It would be perfect for a book club.  So far, only one person that I recommended it to didn't like the ending, but loved the rest of the story.  I believe the reason that many seem to have issues with the ending is that authors have conditioned us to think that a book has to end a very specific way.  Gillian Flynn writes with an absolute disregard to the "rules," and tells her story her way.
The Gone Girl has won high praise from critics and has been a New York Times bestseller, proving once again that critical acclaim doth not a good book make.On Nick and Amy Dunne's fifth wedding anniversary Amy mysteriously disappears. Nick, the quintessential weenie, appears oddly unaffected, even evasive and as the evidence mounts it becomes clear that his beautiful wife has meet with foul play and the allegedly loving husband is the prime suspect. Gone Girl creates a compelling peek into the lives of two co-dependent individuals one of whom is the worst kind of psycho.  Gone Girl provides an interesting perspective on media coverage, police procedure and the effect of personality in criminal cases.The design of the novel, alternating chapters from Nick's point of view with Amy's diary, is engaging and creates a page turning reading experience.  I eventually found, however, that the diary began reading like a Seinfeld script and was tempted to skip the later entries. The plot is intricate, and detailed, two attributes I enjoy and look for in a good thriller.  My disappointment arrived long before the conclusion when the plot resolved- on page 370 and an epilogue of sorts ended this four hundred twelve page novel with an unsatisfying metallic clunk.The writing is fast paced, witty and engaging.  The psychological elements are beyond insightful and become frighteningly real but the police procedural aspects are lacking which becomes a distraction.  The plot, to a point, is brilliant but for this reader it becomes the fatal flaw of Gone Girl. Two stars is very forgiving.
I constantly rave about this book to my fellow book reader friends.  It's been months since I've read this book but I am still thinking about it.  I love me a good mystery book and this was no exception.
Started great about 50% in it became quite obvious where it was going it took forever to get there with endless mind numbing words, what they used to call claptrap, and ended with no ending what a waste of my time.  If you planto read this read something else.  I find myself really upset I took time to read this and I could have been reading something worth my time.
I decided to read this book because it is a bestseller. I was in for a surprise. Halfway through the book, the author does a 360 on you and you have to reevaluate everything you thought. Just when you think you have it figured out, another twist in the story appears. The characters are crazy in a genius way. Loved it. It's a great read, can't stop, good for anyone kind of book.
Fun mysterious novel and has many twists and turns. However the ending leaves you with an incomplete taste. Excited for the movie.
Let's just say at the end of the book I had to flip back and forth through my Kindle pages to be sure I wasn't jipped on the ending.  Really???  That's it?  I was caught up in the plot line until middle of the book, then became uninterested.
Gillian Flynn has an imagination that is almost frightening.  I was in such thrall reading this book that I was depressed when I came to the end. She uses a literary style in this book that I normally do not care for - the chapters alternate voices - but in this case it not only worked, but the book probably would not have been nearly as effective and gripping if written in another style. Her character development is deep and complex, and is at the crux of the novel. I can highly recommend this book, and I am anxious to read her other books, although I will have to restrain myself until I get a little work done, because if they are as absorbing as Gone Girl was, once I start Sharp Objects - the next one on my list - I will do nothing else until I finish it.
This book was perfect in every way. You will run the whole gamut of emotions. Don't read to much about it before hand, just buy it! You will be so glad you did. I couldn't put it down! I wish it was a series because it left me wanting more.
Usually missing person stories are about someone in a very desperate situation they wish to escape. In this case, you wonder why she went to such lengths. It's about two people in a bad relationship, but not abusive in the traditional sense. When lack of emotional attachment and resentment continue for a long time, what lengths will people go to in order to change their lives? And will those decisions be rational? Would you frame someone just to get out of a relationship you could walk away from? Or was it ? You have to read it and find out.
After having a friend tell me that she did not enjoy this book, I put off reading it for about a year. Something in the back of my mind kept nagging at me to read it. Am I ever glad I did!!! This is a great book. It is well written and highly entertaining. I highly recommend it!
This book was soooo good I found myself sneaking at work to read it. It kept me entertained from the very beginning to the very end!!!
I read the sample because it had thousands of good reviews.  But I have gotten burnt lately in buying books based on lots of good reviews, "Slammed" being one of them.  I decided to read the one star reviews and decided to pass on this one.  After finishing the sample, I didn't like either of the main characters, and the profane language was a major turnoff.
This book jumps back and forth by chapter and when you read it on a Kindle it can be confusing.  Definitely recommend reading this on a BOOK so that you can easily refer back and forth in it.
This was a good book. Hard to put down. Not sure I would not have preferred a different ending but that's just my personal taste.
This book is written in an interesting manner, with perspectives of both the murder suspect (the husband) and his victim (the wife). It has enough story and suspense to keep you interested, and gradually reveals more detail about what happened until you can pretty much figure it out on your own, although from the very beginning it's not very hard to guess what happens. I found the ending annoying but not surprising.One thing I didn't really like was how the "clues" early in the book tend to "lie" - if you are trying to figure out what happened, you can't necessarily depend on what is said in the book to be the truth, as the situation changes as the book goes on. I prefer mysteries that don't mislead you in these situations.Overall I enjoyed it as a casual read.
I agree with the one star reviews.  To accept this absurd story and ending the author was trying to shock us. It was an insult to our intelligence.
This started out as such a great story with unexpected twists and turns.  But the last part of the book wasn't a satisfying ending - it felt contrived, implausible, and lacking the excitement of the rest of the book.  Disappointing!
This book went well beyond the typical murder mystery genre.  The characters are incredibly engaging, and often I had a hard time tearing myself away.  I cannot wait to read her other books!
The tale of a toxic relationship that kept me up all night reading.  Was recommended by several friends and was totally worth it!
I loved the present dayness of it.  The references were aimed right at my 40 something demographic.  Ending was ok but story worth reading regardless.
Yes, here in the South we say 'cussing' more than 'cursing.' If you are from this region of the country you understand. Cussing is usually done by people who are uneducated and substitute cuss words because they think it makes them sound real. Thus, for characters who are supposedly well educated and socially appropriate, they have a rudimentary vocabulary at best.  Yes, I was offended by the over-use of f***, GD, s*** etc.  Are today's writers stymied by the dictionary?  Likewise, the extremely graphic sex act descriptions were distasteful. I understand that our protagonist(s) were: a slimy adulterous male and a sociopathic female, but is it necessary to nasty up a story to make is sellable? just saying these are truly two morally bankrupt individuals.  In closing: it was an easy read and an interesting story line (though not particularly plausible), but it should come with a warning label and a disclaimer that this is not prize winning prose. I bought a hardcover copy; not sure if I will donate to the library or to the trash bin.
I really liked the way this book was written and the twists and turns were believable and smooth. I hated the way the ending was written & felt the author dropped a bomb to just get the book finished
Highly entertaining read with many unexpected twists and turns. I found the ending unsettling on a personal level but thought it a quite clever close to the plot.
This book was very disappointing for me.  I dont like the style of the writing, it goes back and forth on the time line.  It just wasn't as good as everyone had talked it up to be.  I was very disappointed.  Wish I would have spent my money on a different book.
This is a quick, fun book with lots of twists. At one point, it seemed to drag on a bit, but then it picked up steam towards the end. Very interesting characters.
Took me a while to really get into this crazy twisted novel. The first 100 pages were a bunch of mumbo jumbo that was hard to keep up with. Then towards the middle of the book, the two main people started speaking clearly and the book started getting to the point. Couldn't keep the book down....just a train wreck I couldn't stop reading about. The end was defiantly different, which I appreciated. In books like this, all the endings are almost exactly the same. It gets boring. However, the ending to this book made no sense at all.....almost like the Writer didn't know how to end book. I would consider reading &#34;lies you wanted hear&#34; that was a train wreck that made sense.
Very interesting book!~~Possible spoilers!!!Amy is not who she leads you to believe initially. A fascinating dive into a very strange and twisted mind. Wow! The ending was interesting.. not sure its what I would have done, in Nicks place, however I can see his reasoning.Overall very interesting book. Not one for the &#34;Favourites! I must read again and again....&#34; pile, but it held my attention to the end.
I finished it in one day!! I couldn't put it down. It won't disappoint you! I will definitely be reading more books by her!
I can certainly appreciate a neurotic read, but this one was over the top. The ending is anticlimactic, and I found it simply annoying. However, it does hook you fast and keeps you engaged in the chaos until the bitter end.
I love the villan in this book
Phenomenal story. Could not put it down. Author did an amazing job really painting a visual picture for the more visual learner. Loved it!
The beginning of this story it a little slow, but once you are hooked you can not put the book down!
I have mixed emotions about this book. I won't post any spoilers but the Part I initially pissed me off and I was like why should continue reading this, then Part 2 totally threw me for a loop and I couldn't put the book down from there. Part 3 totally let me down. I kept waiting for this wonderful ending and it just never came. The ending left totally underwhelmed. There are parts when I hated Nick then I hated Amy and by the end I really hated them both, probably the author's goal. Even with the disappointing conclusion the writing was wonderful and the story kept you engaged until the last page. I'd definitely read more of this author's work.
Wow - what a ride! This book is like accidentally walking into one of those mechanical car washes. First you get pummeled from all sides, knocked over by jets of icy water and dragged along by chains - and just when you can see the exit and think you are safe at last, the big roller flattens you!The story starts innocently enough. Nick wakes on the morning of his 5th wedding anniversary to the smell of his wife's cooking. Loving, sweet. But things soon turn South. Amy disappears in suspicious circumstances, and Nick must not only find out what happened to her but also defend himself against allegations that he had something to do with his wife's disappearance. As Nick tells his side of the story, the reader gets to know Amy through excerpts from her diary, from the moment she first fell in love with Nick until the days just before her disappearance. At this point, lulled into a false feeling of security by these seemingly mundane marital issues, you better fasten your seat belt!This is a masterfully crafted and very disturbing psychological thriller where nothing is quite as it seems, and evil takes on many shapes and forms. As different aspects of Amy's and Nick's marriage are revealed, the story turns from the ordinary to the sinister. I agree with other reviewers that it is extremely difficult to comment on this story without giving anything away, so all I will say here is that this was one of the most intricately constructed plots I have read in a long time. To say that I found the ending deeply troubling would be an understatement, and anyone who has read this book will know what I mean.Written with insight into the issues of a marriage between two people with very different backgrounds and values, the book also explores the deepest, darkest and most disturbing places of the human psyche gone wrong. Do not be put off by the seemingly slow beginning - but instead see it as the slow and gentle ascent to a terrifying roller coaster ride to follow. I could not put the book down and recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good psychological thriller.
I loved this book and could not put it down.  The plot is filled with surprising turns and I never would have guessed the ending.  Great suspenseful writing!
Let's ignore the plot for a minute and just look at how the story is told - Gillian Flynn has a real facility with language and she just makes the sentences sing.  This is a finely, beautifully written tale.  Now to the plot - I love an unreliable narrator and both Nick and Amy are pretty unreliable,  everything they say and do has to be reexamined once we come to the end of the book,  and I like a book that makes you need to read it twice, not because it's confusing,  but because new information keeps shedding different light...  I thought Amy was a great character and while I never rooted for her,  I definitely wanted to know what she was going to do next.  It's easier to like Nick,  even though he does some pretty unlikable things,  but he too needs reevaluating as new stuff comes to light.  I liked everything here,  there were no false notes.  I'd like to see more of them - not necessarily a direct sequel,  but can we bump into them again in the next book?Well worth reading and discussing,  go ahead,  buy!
I coudn't wait to read it each night and i didn't want it to end. It was a story well told.
Haunting the way she portrays the dramatic end to a marriage. I love the poetic way she pieces together sentences. I had to put the book down because it got so intense, but I had to see what happens. Its like a bird's eye view into the whole Laci Peterson case, which I found fascinating. I definitely recommend this to anyone who reads James Patterson or watches Dexter.
Since I write Historical Romance, I usually gravitate toward those books, with some exceptions, like Danielle Steel and Stef Ann Holm.  After reading the wonderful reviews, I had to jump in and see what this book was all about.  I was totally amazed at how much detail she puts in each paragraph, even with Nick Dunne getting out of bed, or explaining how how he'd like to get inside his wife's head.  Truly amazing writing.  I highly recommend this book.
I was disappointed in all the reviews & write ups it had gotten.Wasn't a read I really liked I thought they were both sick o'sI read the whole book cause I wanted to see how it ended.Just wasn't what I expected it to be.
There's not much I can comment without potentially giving something away.  Let's just say that for me, it lived up to the hype.  It was a slow start for me in the beginning; I wasn't thoroughly engaged until about 100 pages in.  After that, I couldn't put the book down.  I dare not use any more adjectives because anything I say may ruin your experience.  You're just going to have to read it and see.
This was a great book.  The characters and story were interesting and different.  I was thrown off halfway through and at that point could not put it down until I was finished!  Read in a day and a half.  A must read for the summer!
This book was not what I expected. So many twists and turns. I ended up loving it but in a sick way just because it was so not what I thought. It will keep you guessing for sure. I don't usually read suspense and thriller books but I m glad I read this. So hard to write about it and not give anything away! I thought it started out a little slow and didn't really get going until further in. This will not disappoint you! Would be a great book club or discussion book.
I had heard so many good things about the novel that I couldn't help myself and bought it. But I found it quite predictable, and since none of the characters were even remotely sympathetic, I couldn't really enjoy it. It was an interesting read - not like anything else I've seen, but it was only okay.
what a disappointment, i only gave 2 star cause of how great it was in the beginning, all the twists and turns, i was praising the author, the book, the story, but at the end, it was dragging, too much, and the ending itself....horrible.
Nick Dunne awakes the morning of his fifth wedding anniversary, unaware that in less than five hours, his life will forever be the plot of a Lifetime movie.  While helping out at the local bar he co-owns with his twin sister, Go, Nick receives a call from a concerned neighbor, who informs Nick that the door to his house is wide-open and suggests Nick come home to investigate.  Following the neighbor's advice, Nick arrives at the scene to see his cat (who never leaves the house) sitting on his front porch and as the neighbor had mentioned, his front door wide open.  Stepping inside, tables are turned over, papers scattered everywhere and his wife, the amazing Amy, gone.Immediately, the police are notified and as they investigate and repeatedly question Nick, he remains unusually calm, odd for someone whose wife is missing.  His choice to conceal secrets and consistently lie, leaves the police and reader suspicious of Nick.The narration switches from Nick to Amy's diary entries, which portray Nick as an abusive and negligent husband and Amy as the concerned, obedient and loving wife.  Nick tells one story of his marriage, while Amy's details an entirely different one.Gillian Flynn's "Gone Girl" flows like a Dateline episode, uncovering new evidence and suspects; however, its twists and turns seem a little "too" out there.  It's engaging, with unsuspecting surprises around every corner.  Surprises so crazy and unheard of, that it leaves "Gone Girl" void of predictability.To delve any further would be to release spoiler after spoiler.  I enjoyed the book; however, the surprises were too exaggerated and dramatic for my personal taste and whereas I prefer "open-ended" stories, this one did not sit well with me.
Loved the quick pace and twisty plotGreat characters that make you want to shake them and make them behave but what fun would that be?
Now that anyone can have a blog and a public identity and share their message with the world, what would yours be?  I gravitate towards people who send a message of love and compassion.  Gillian Flynn, in Gone Girl, does just the opposite.  Gone Girl is filled with foul language, hatred, fear, shallow characters, and derogatory material towards both women and men.  While all of these elements can be used to great effect in literature, skilled writers generally use them as a counterpoint to some other message, or to accurately portray a character or time period.  In the case of Gone Girl, these elements are the message.  There are no likable characters in this book.  There is no redemption.Gone Girl is the story of Amy and Nick Dunne.  When Amy disappears on their fifth wedding anniversary, all evidence points to Nick as the murderer. Through multiple plot twists and shifts in narrative point of view Flynn keeps the reader guessing what happened.  As tempted as I was to give up on this book, I was also intrigued by Flynn's manipulation of the plot.  I was curious to see if the book (and characters) could redeem themselves in the end.  I needn't have bothered, and neither should you.  The ending was worse than all the rest of the book put together.If you are still on the fence about reading Gone Girl, then know that Ms. Flynn spent much of her writing career as a journalist for Entertainment Weekly.  This may explain why the characters act like spoiled rich people who are completely out of touch with what it is that makes us human. Don't waste your time on Gone Girl - there are thousands of excellent books out there that will teach you something about the real world, books that will test the limits of your compassion and stretch your brain with new ideas.
This really makes you question if you know the motives of the people closest to you. The format for the book is the real winner. Having both sides revealed as they are makes the story sing.
Reading Gone Girl is like watching a sleight of hand magician as the plot twists and turns.  I kept wondering whether it was supposed to be an exaggerated metaphor for the shadow side of marriage in general or a morality tale about how treating people as property or fantasies of our own making can lead to lies and abominations.  The ultimate depravation of the characters, Amy (as in Amazing Amy of the children's books that made her family wealthy), and Nick, the magazine writer who loses his job,  who seemed so hale and hearty on the surface, gave me cause to reflect on the ability in our time to ignore virtue and pursue self-interest through a labyrinthine path.  The story moves from infatuation of two self-aware and articulate yuppies  through the erosion of their fortunes,  their desperate resettlement from Manhattan to Nick's Missouri home town to build new lives, the difficulty and boredom of making a new life, infidelity, vengeance, and after the ruse of Amy's abduction and eventual reappearance, to their acceptance of themselves and one another.  It was a story of mutual manipulation and cunning, traits of the author as well as the characters, to which I sucombed entirely as i could not put the book down.
I couldn't put this book down. I thought it was very engaging and interesting, I wanted to know what happened! I really liked the way the story was told, it had all the bases covered. I would highly reccomend this book for a riviting read.
I've been reading a lot of terrible free kindle books lately (sorry, terrible free kindle book authors) so in the last few weeks I decided to finally read some of the books people have been recommending. I only picked this because I noticed the author quoted on The Demonologist, and the same day heard a librarian explaining to another reader that Gone Girl had an 18 person wait list (if that many people want it I'm willing to give it a go).I liked every part of this book, even the bits that annoyed me because the characters were making such blatantly terrible decisions. I think it's a testament to Flynn that I actually found myself thinking at one point 'but of course Nick would do that' as if he was a real person who was renowned for his bad planning.It's an interesting plot, served by strong writing and well developed characters. I really wanted to get to the end, while really wanting it to keep going so I could find out where else the story could go.I would definitely recommend this, and even suggest you skip the 18 person library wait and buy a copy.
I Couldn't put it down!! It kept me on the edge of my seat through the whole book!! Must read!!
The book was pretty interesting, hearing from 2 perspectives made you want to read chapter after chapter.  However, it wasn't my favorite book of all time.
I totally understand why this book has been on the best seller list for as long as it has.  I loved the surprises around each corner.
An easy read with a very interesting plot.  I did not see it coming!  This the first book I've read by this author (as I saw the book reviewed in Entertainment Weekly and figured,  "what the heck?" ) and I'm now going back to check out her other books.  This one kept my interest throughout, and there were many times when I just couldn't put it down.  Great book.
Loved this book. The only down side was that I like to read before I go to sleep and this book kept me awake! Excellent read.
I was soooooooo enthralled with this book and it kept me hooked through several twists and turns.  Then I got to the end.  The end was a gigantic WHAT THE?????????????  And it really bothered me and was so abrupt and so stupid and I would have thrown the book across the room but I was using my Kindle, so I resisted ;)Then a few days went by, and I couldn't stop thinking of the book, and its stupid annoying ending.  Then the ending stuck with me a bit more.  Then the ending started to intrigue me.  Then the ending really made perfect sense.  Then the ending seemed like the only logical way this book could end.  Then I realized, the ending was GENIUS.  Perpetual misery for two annoying main characters, and misery and annoyance for the reader.  Perfect.So I'd say, read this book.  Is it a literary masterpiece for the ages?  No.  But ignore all the reviews saying that the ending ruined this book, and judge for yourself.
I had to read this book to see if it lived up to the hype. It started off reasonably well and then? Just when you think there's going to be this magnificent ending, you get shafted. This book left me saying "That was it?!"
I don't understand the hype about this book. Sure, at times I was enthralled and wanted to find out what was happening, but the way it was written was just annoying. Also, I hated both main characters. It's hard to trudge through a book where you don't want either protagonist to win.
I read this book in about 24 hours it was so addicting I couldn't put it down even to sleep!  Highly recommended!!!!
This book pulls you right in. You think it's going to go one way and then a few surprises. The ending didn't quite live up to the rest but overall an entertaining read I didn't want to put down.
Read this book for book club.  Great reader!  Excited that there is a movie on the talks of coming out!
I am really surprised that people rave about this book.  It had me at the beginning but then it turned cheesy with a bad ending.
Lies.What are the lies we tell ourselves? What are the lies we tell others? Which ones are we aware of, and which ones don't we know about until it's too late?This book kept me at the edge of my seat-and it's rare that I can't figure out the drift of a story pretty early on. The story twists and turns in ways that are sometimes expected, and sometimes not at all.Any reader of mysteries, thrillers or even general fiction will find her interest piqued.Nick is married to beautiful and wealthy Amy, heir to a series of childhood books named after her. After they both lose their New York jobs, they move to Nick's childhood town along the Mississippi river. And the day of their 5th anniversary, Amy disappears.Where is she? Is she still even alive? As the police's suspicion falls more and more on Nick, and the evidence starts piling against him, he needs to prove that he is innocent. But how do you prove the unprovable?"I could feel her girl-brain buzzing, turning Amy's disappearance into a frothy, scandalous romance, ignoring any reality that didn't suit the narrative."Gone Girl is a story of broken love, and the lies that keep it together despite the anger, the resentment and the desire for vengeance. It's a story of the consequences of financial and emotional dependence and manipulation. It tells us a (rather bleak) tale of the lengths some people are willing to go to get revenge, and of what people are willing to accept in order to maintain appearances. Because in this book, appearances are everything. Can someonebe a killer simply because he looks like one? Is there anything beyond the plastic surface we present to the media, the idealized version of ourselves we present to others?In other words, are we ever anything more than skin-deep?"You'd literally lie, cheat, and steal -- hell, kill -- to convince people that you are a good guy," Go once said. ... I lost my appetite because it was so completely true and I'd never realized it, and even as she was saying it, I thought: I will never forget this, this is one of those moments that will be lodged in my brain forever."It's interesting that both main characters are writers-they know how to play with words and how to use them to their advantage. In this book, words are slimy and slippery. The foundation of language that we have been taught to trust can lead you astray or even collapse right under your feet. They built their life through words, and when these words no longer serve them, their whole life falls apart. And they try to rebuilt it through words, again, but the building is only a shadow of its original, a mere faade that hides the emptiness inside.Gillian Flynn wrote a rare masterful novel, one that went, I think, far beyond the simple thriller story. It was not only entertaining, but also deep and thoughtful. There's no easy way out of the book, and it will leave you shaking and reflecting for a while... is the person you love really who he or she says she is? Are you the person you think you are?
It is a very intriguing story, very well written. In the beginning I was a litlle bored but then it started to get better and I couldn't put it down. The book has no ending, at least in my opinion, that's why i rated it 4. It ended up missing a closed charpter. However it is worth a reading. Not my favourite, but i will definitely try the author again in another book.
Like I said, I love suspense and mystery. Gillian Flynn, who I had never heard of, is an excellent writer. I will definately purchase more of her novels in the future.
Truly original....kept me guessing the entire time.....the ending is unbelievableCouldn't put it down!Can't wait to see the movie adaptation.....
Flynn's Gone Girl is a well-composed mystery/suspense novel. The structure of the novel makes the reader aware of what's going in the minds of the two main characters, a husband and wife. They're both a little crazy. At the start I (and you too, I imagine) found myself in the wife's camp. I was on board with her character, who seemed strong and funny, in love with her husband and desperately trying to please him. She had the burden of being the daughter of two children's author's who had used her as the heroine in a series of successful children's books. I guess this is supposed to explain her neurosis to an extent. The husband is just fallible, and bored. These two embody immaturity and impatience. Neither one probably would do well in a relationship with anyone. And there's a sense that they deserve each other at some points. At any rate, a crime seems to have been committed, and the husband is the likely suspect. The twists and turns in the plot are mostly accounted for, although there are some credibility gaps. However, if you're looking for the kind of book that will draw you in and keep you entertained, this one works.
Gillian Flynn is a talented writer. I was entranced when I read her first book Sharp Objects. I read about Gone Girl in Entertainment Weekly and immediately went to the bookstore to procure Gone Girl. I was initially hooked by the alternating narratives of the present and the past told by a husband and wife, but saw the 'twist' coming from the first one hundred pages. I skipped ahead to the page where a helpful reviewer told me the twist occurred and read on from there, not requiring anymore character development of what I can only describe as narcissists in love.Flynn conceived a novel with a lot in the hopper and hoped that her book would be one that managed to meld two very different genres together - on the one hand a well-written literary thriller, on the other hand a cogent meditation on the disappointments, revelations and compromises of marriage. I am sorry to report that she didn't quite make it and instead the entire novel ends up being less than the sum of its parts rather than more.Nick and Amy are young, hip, successful culture merchants in the New York of the nineties and early oughts when the bottom drops out of the cultural writing market and they find themselves in a leased McMansion in a flyover state with the first bloom off their marriage and no end in sight. They no longer complete each other and their love no longer makes them perfect in their eyes and the eyes of their partner. There is a good description of narcissism here and of narcissism gone all the way to sociopathy but because the novel can't decide whether it is a thriller or a character study or a farcical meditation on marriage in the culture of narcissism the characters read as less of an intimate revelation than the author intended. On the day of their anniversary, Amy disappears and it becomes clear that Nick is most likely responsible. Who is responsible for the disappearance and the devolution of their marriage is the work of the rest of the book. Gimmicky and well-written enough to make the flaws pass unnoticed during the reading the ending and large portions of the novel are unbelievable and skimmable.Will do well as the literary mystery beach read of the summer but won't stand the test of time - very much a novel of the moment. That said, Flynn has talent and is an author to watch and read again. Gone Girl just didn't quite come together.
Easy to read and follow. The plot was smart and unexpected, just until the last third, didnt like that twist too much, but yet it redeemed itself with the ending.  I recommend it.
I couldn't put it down. I liked the characters and thought the story had a strong plot... I'd love to say more but don't want to spoil anything
A friend talked me into reading this story, I still am not sure what all the hoopla is all about.  I`'ve read a lot better books, this one is different.
This could possibly be the hardest review to write for the fact that I don&#8217;t want to give anything away and ruin the ending and the twists and turns of this amazingly told story. It was witty and poignant and clever and well thought out. It kept you guessing even when you thought you had it figured out and it left your mouth hanging open when all was said and done. Gone Girl was everything everyone said it was and more. It had the meat of a good mystery in the likes of say a Dennis Lehane, but had a real story mixed in a la Nicholas Sparks. Even though it was cumbersome to carry around, yes I lugged the hardcover back and forth to work every day, it was worth the muscles add to my arms. I couldn&#8217;t put it down once I reached the end of the first part.Gone Girl is the story of a couple, Nick and Amy, who have been married for 5 years. They seem like the quintessential perfect couple, the ying to the yang, but looks can be deceiving. Behind closed doors Nick and Amy are anything but perfect. Behind closed doors their marriage is falling apart. And when Amy goes missing on their 5th wedding anniversary the small town in Missouri they live in is at a complete loss. There seems to be only one suspect and that suspect is Nick himself. Now Nick and Amy&#8217;s dirty secrets are under public scrutiny. And the stranger Nick behaves the more certain everyone is that he is in fact guilty. As the story unfolds people start to wonder just how much they know about each other, their neighbors and their families and friends.Honestly I can&#8217;t think of a book that was more perfectly crafted then Gone Girl. There was a lot of info in this one that could have made it confusing but Flynn used everything to create a great story about a marriage and a crime and a town&#8217;s reaction to both. At different times I found myself liking both characters and every time I thought I had the whole thing figured out I truly convinced myself I was wrong. The use of three parts to tell all aspects of the every beautifully interwoven detail added a perspective to the book. Each part revealed a truth that pulled the whole story together and truly in the end left you gasping and shaking your head it was that good.Really I can&#8217;t say much more on this without giving something away. All I can tell you is to ignore the size of the book and jump in. Gillian Flynn really crafted a masterpiece in my eyes and it shouldn&#8217;t be missed.
This is a quick-read thriller.  Initially it seemed to portray the normal trail of the breakdown of a marriage, the mis-communication etc that can lead to estrangement.  It was interesting to see how the characters both felt when they realized they could recoup their relationship. The author was clever in offering both spouses points of view.  However, the ending did not do justice the rest of the novel.
Really great book. It took me a while to get in the story. But then I couldn't put it down. Really great reading!!!!!
I DID like this book a lot, until the ending.  Wife goes missing on her 5th anniversary. Each chapter alternated between the perspective of the wife, and the perspective of the husband.  You literally get 2 different stories.  It went between the past and the present, but then the stories merged.  The narratives were very good and held my interest, but then, at the ending, you're going to ask yourself &#34;why&#34;?  After all that happened, why did the particular character do what they did.  Left me hanging.
Riveting reading and totally unexpected.  A mysterious story that had an uncanny ending.  Had me in from the start to the end and I am not usually a mystery kind of reader.
Just when you think you have an opinion of the story, where it's going, what you think, there's a twist and your left surprised...and wrong. Very twisty, as my husband would say. Keeps the reader engaged and always wanting to turn the page to see what happens next. I couldn't put it down.
I went back and forth, he did it, he didn't do it. . .nasty, smart people always fascinate me. ..great!
What to say about this manipulative, facile piece of... well, you get the idea. Selected for my book group, I will now think twice before bestowing credit on the bestseller list, upon which this book resides.Making an escapade with a true sociopath does have its charms, I'm sure, but this book doesn't. I don't know who I liked less, the husband or the wife. If you can't care about either character, you've made a hapless journey with both. The ending, in which the husband crumples like a cheap suit, is the most disappointing finale for a trashy novel that I have ever read. Reading it did have one good outcome: I ran straight back into the brilliant arms of George Eliot and "Middlemarch," where I belong.
This was a great read, but thought the character was a little unbelievable.  The ending was totally unpredictable and leaves you wanting more
I gave this three stars because of the middle of this book. The beginning and end were terrible. I found myself flipping through the pages in the beginning and only kept going because I heard good reviews. The middle picked up my interest and was actually pretty good with some surprising twists. Then the story wrapped up too messy as if the author was rushed.Sorry but I definitely don't recommend it. I don't see what all the rave reviews are about.
I was really excited to read this book. I really got into the book in the beginning, then the second half. The second half of the book was disappointing. I don't want to give anything away but I really hated the way this book ended.I did like the story it was very twisted and so were the characters. It is definitely a eye opening book because it takes you one way and then completely takes you another way. You really get into the characters heads.  Overall it wasn't that bad of a book but I guess I don't get all the hype.
Loved this book. So many twists and turns and never boring. I was completely engaged with the storyline and the characters. Read it!
I really enjoyed this read. It was gripping and I found I often could not put this book down. This book is well written and really worth a read. I recommend it!
Great writing. Kept me incredibly interested until ALMOST the end. I felt like the story could've ended one of a few ways, an I really didn't agree with the direction the author took. Enough to dock the entire book 2 stars. This was a 5-star read but the ending killed it for me.
I really enjoyed this book for the first three quarters of thebook. I hated the ending and made me feel like I had wastedmy time reading it.
This book is disturbing, well written, and grotesque on many levels.  The first mystery thriller I was not able to predict the ending to in a long time.  I think the &#8220;Who&#8217;s Afraid if Virginia Woolf&#8221; reference was the best example of where the book was headed.  Like the play, this book imposed a similar disorienting disgust and wonder on me.  Reading the end of the book I immediately thought of the end of the play.  For some reason the equivalences made the unresolved conflict palatable for me.  I&#8217;m not sure I would have been happy with the ending otherwise.What I liked:1)  The parallels drawn to the real life Scott Peterson case.  It was the perfect case to reference since it captured the nations attention so completely and for such a long period of time.  I also smiled at all of the crime television references made.2)  The writing is good.  The prose fit well into the heads of a book staring two self absorbed snarky writers.  My favorite internal dialogue was Nick&#8217;s when he explained where his life was before Amy.  How he was bored or blanketed in malaise because &#8220;the second hand experience is always better&#8221;.  It was like reading a prettied up personality outline of a generation X attitude.3)  I like how Flynn keeps the reader guessing by adding details you may or may not need to know.  I thought the Nick&#8217;s father was a brilliant embellishment.What I didn&#8217;t like:1)  The characters.  I was fascinated really, to read a book where so many of the characters were offensive and not endearing.  Character attachment had nothing to do with why I finished the book.  I kept cautioning myself to not infer the author shared the character opinions, but it was difficult with so many characters espousing similar haughty views.  The character Rand sums up every narrative description or observation made of the Midwest when he say&#8217;s:  &#8220;I have to tell you, it&#8217;s really quite ugly here.&#8221;2) Inconsistent Characterization. I was disappointed when Amy lost her smart sociopath edge.  I liked hating her and seeing her as a calculating, OCD, list making nut case.  What happened at the roadside inn, and her reaction was not smart.  If she is so cunning and forward thinking that never should have happened.  Did it make her more human, sure.  Do I really believe she cooked up what eventually happened with Desi while she was curled up in the fetal position at a rest stop for forty-five minutes?  No way.3)  The plot.  Since when do sociopaths include their own demise as part of their revenge plan?  She&#8217;s a narcissist not depressed.  You could see where Flynn may have said, &#8220;I don&#8217;t know what to do now&#8221; when Amy&#8217;s at the roadside motel.  Why wasn&#8217;t milk-spitting Amy executing some clever plan against these two &#8220;redneck&#8221; offenders?  Once Amy meets up with Desi, her character really falls apart.  She let&#8217;s Desi pen her up for how many days?  Seems like her ultimate solution for him could have been carried out within the same week she&#8217;s brought to his lake lodge.  It was a little too convenient for Desi to be who he was originally rumored to be.  At the end I don&#8217;t believe the police or FBI would just shrug their shoulders and go home.  Not really how a situation like this would play out in real life, but this is a fiction book.  If the ending mirrored real life then there would be too much light in what is meant to be a dark book.
I couldn't put this book down. It constantly surprises. I carried it with me everywhere and finished it in a few days. Truly original the author never fails to surprise.
This book is a must read.  It was suspenseful, and kept me guessing and wanting more and more- did not want to put it down.
I really liked this book, although the ending wasn't what I wanted it to be! But it's gritty, exciting and keeps you guessing: All the best  elements of a great suspense story.
This was a great read...... Kept me on the edge of my seat and always wanting more!  Can't wait to read the other ones or for the movie even tho the trailer sucked :(
If you want to read a book about totally unlikeable characters doing improbable things and taking a really long time to do them, this is the book for you.The writer is skilled at getting the reader into the characters' heads which only serves to make the book more annoying. Her commentary on the media as the courtroom and the public as the jury was interesting. Otherwise, I do not understand the enthusiasm for this book.
To begin with, I highly recommend this book - particularly if you're the type who enjoys engrossing reads that swallow time. It may be a bit familiar if you read a fair amount of mysteries or thrillers but since I don't, it was a great discovery.My favorite part is that I don't see the seams in the puzzle box presented. Often, a mystery seems a bit too sanitized when you're finished reading it and you can see that a clever idea occurred to the author that had to be woven into the narrative after the fact to help escape a painted-in corner or walled-in garden. That does not occur with this story; everything that happens seems to have sprung up wholly formed.Again, I highly recommend this book and look forward to discovering Flynn's other work.
And then the last 25% takes a giant dump on what you just read.If you have not read the book, skip down to the last paragraph of this review. Spoilers are ahead.**SPOILER ALERT**Had the book ended at the point when Amy comes back home, I would have been floored. It would have been shocking yet fulfilling to see Nick about to go to jail, for her to show up at the front door and then...The End. But, no. Ms. Flynn took these characters who were incredibly complex and confusing and devolved them into just shells of what we had just experienced as readers. The end went down with a wimper.**END OF SPOILERS**For the most part, I thoroughly enjoyed the book, but the ending left such a bad taste in my mouth. Perhaps at some point I will revisit it, but at this point I just cannot.I liked how both narrators told the tale in alternating succession, and as the story went on, you realize that it's impossible to trust either of them. I liked the idea of an untrustworthy narrator. The big twist at the 50% mark made me set the book down in one of those &#34;Holy crap!&#34; moments. I realized I was reading something incredibly special. However, the last 25% completely ruined that for me.Who knows, you may like the ending. One of my friends told me he thoroughly enjoyed the ending and found it fitting for both characters. however, for me, it just didn't do it for me.
Jennifer Byrne mentioned this on the book show.  She said that it was not suitable for panel discussion due to spoiler alerts.  Ditto.  Just do yourself a favour and read it!
The plot is captivating.  I'm typically a slow reader, but finished this book in two days.  Gillian Flynn understands married life and puts a Alfred Hitchcockian twist to it.What is a bit strange about the writing is that while Amy is describing historical occurrences through her diary, she uses the present tense.  Diaries typically use the simple past and it would have been, in my opinion, the way to go.  Nick, who is describing what is happening "now", uses the past tense.  I would have liked his narrative to be in the present tense.
Amazinglly thought through in terms of the details, with a somewhat surprise ending.  You can see the movie while you read it!
What a great book. This is going to be an amazing movie if they do it right. I wish there was more.
It's difficult to review a book of this nature in any type of fine detail - there's the risk of giving away some of the finely woven plot.  Suffice to say, fans of Gillian Flynn's first two books (Dark Places: A Noveland the sublimeSharp Objects: A Novel) won't be disappointed.  Flynn started out as a television critic for Entertainment Weekly.  In that role, she no doubt saw a lot of what worked...and a lot of what didn't.  Her novels combine that knowledge base with her superb writing skills.Flynn divides this new work into three parts - Boy Loses Girl, Boy Meets Girl, Boy Gets girl Back (or Vice Versa) - each of which serves to tear asunder everything you thought you knew until that point.  Given her EW background, the dark, sharp nature of Flynn's initial efforts took everyone by surprise (note how well-named those first two books are).  'Gone Girl' has those same hallmarks. It's a worthy successor to her first two releases.
`Gone Girl' is the twisting, turning, evolving relationship between Amy and Nick.Amy...our `heroine' is a product of a somewhat indulgent home, as well as the model/fictional subject of the `Amazing Amy' series coauthored by her parents, Mary Beth and Rand Elliot.  Amy comes to her union with Nick with significant financial resources.Living in NYC, falling in love, marrying, Amy and Nick Dunne relocate to Nick's hometown.  Ostensibly, the purpose of this move is to be closer to Nick's parents, now in failing health, and for Nick to revitalize his career.With the move...come changes to both Amy and Nick.Amy then `goes missing.'Signs point to foul play and to Nick.Throughout the novel as Nick and Amy relate their stories in alternating chapters, the author has a special ability to probe inside their minds, how Amy and Nick really think and what Amy and Nick really surmise in their conversations.As one reads these passages, it is easy to relate to the inner workings of our own minds and thoughts...that often remain unknown to others.So the mystery becomes:Where is Amy?Did Nick?What is really going in Amy's head?  Nick's head?Often the reader experiences those twists, turns and evolution as chapter after chapter unfolds.I did believe the end (conclusion) of the book justified the means...
Even though the story is about a presumed murder, I did find myself laughing out loud a couple of times.  I really like the way the author changes back and forth from one chapter to the next showing the wife's perspective from the time they met and working forward.  Then, the next chapter is written from the husband's point of view starting with the day of the &#34;big event&#34; working backward until her story and his story meet in the middle for the big twist.  I can usually predict the outcome of a book and did not see this one coming.  Thoroughly entertaining.
At first it is slow going and a little strange, a little different. Part two comes along and slaps you hard in the face and winds you up and down and sloshes your brain around. Just when you think you can't take anymore, part three brings a few more sickening twists and turns and then finally fizzles out in the oddest, unpredictable, unexpected ending. This book is one crazy ride, and I'd love to see it turned into a movie!(Some parts dragged on a bit too long for my taste, hence the four stars.)
Strap in, put your head back, relax and admire the climb up to the initial view of the honey soaked lives of newly married New York City it girl and hunky mid-western boy.  But get ready, hold onto your stomach and brace yourself for a dizzying crazy plunge down with Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl.First you cheer for wife Amy, "fat with love" for her new husband, removed from her job, her brownstone in the city, her childhood inheritance and relocated to a small Missouri town.  Then loopback, rooting for Scotch soaked Nick, cheating husband, worn down from Amy's insatiable need for worship and admiration.Accelerating through the turns of a marriage spiraling out of control; deception, scorn, adultery, resentment, cunning revenge, and eventually murder.  Ending after the final tunnel, ruined careers, scattered bodies, and an unexpected pregnancy. The mystery stops, eerily returning the readers and Amy and Nick to a similar spot from which the ride began.
I was up late last night finishing a this book. The psycho-ass folks in the book have disturbed me!!!This author did a fabulous job in writing this story and getting into the nuances of marriage and crazy-ass people. I wish I had never met these characters. I keep thinking how in the world did their story turn out. If you like a good mystery, this is one smart book.I'm very impressed with Flynn's execution, style, plot, narrative, narrator, all of it. I hate these people though (everyone except GO).I can't imagine that any person exist in this world like these characters, but maybe they do. That thought is so disturbing!! I need to talk to a therapist or somebody after reading this book. Who would live like this?One thing about reading on a Kindle, if the story does not wrap up neatly, you think there should be more pages left in the book. I couldn't believe the story was over the way Flynn ended it. But it is an apt ending. Best book I've read in a while.
This book is an absolutely  amazing piece of literature. I hated it, I loved it, I loved it more & then I loathed it. You don't km now which character to like or even trust..but in all, amazing. Hats off to you,  Ms Flynn.
The book is well written and captivating...interesting style...I haven't finished it so I don't know if there's a twist, but since Andie showed up I'm sure there must be. And why did Amy want to buy a gun?Seemed to lose steam about midstream...I was expecting a twist, but it just fizzled out...no redemption for the would be hero and the antagonist wins!!! I didn't even know It was over.......
An excellent psychological thriller, plenty of twists and turns.  Hard to put down, had to find out what happened next.
this book definitely lived up to the hype. i didn't think it would, but i thoroughly enjoyed it. i will look for other works by this author.
Wow, this author really gets you to think you know these characters and then pulls the rug right out from under you! The author did a great job with how she told the story, I enjoyed the two perspectives, it keeps you on the edge of your seat. I was really disappointed in the characters though, these people are crazy, or maybe I just don't like getting tricked by the author! I also wasn't happy with the ending, I wish it could have ended differently. Overall, I just don't feel like I can relax because how terrible the ending was, UGH!
Full of twists and turns. Incredible writing! I would recommend to anyone that loves a good thriller. It was a fantastic book.
This book pulled me in right away and I finished it in one day. Great characters and plot. Couldn't enjoy more.
I'm surprised that there are some negative reviews of this book, but to each their own.The story is told from both Nick's and Amy's viewpoints; one takes a chapter and then the next chapter is by the other.  Nick and Amy have been married for five years today.  Nick has breakfast with his wife, leaves, and then returns to find her missing.  Thus begins the quest to find out what happened to Amy and whom is responsible.When I first started this book, I thought, wow, this is going to be a looooooong book.  I was sure that I had figured out who the culprit was and I read ahead (as I typically do) to see if I was right.  I'm probably right about 75% of the time.  But I wasn't even close on this one.If you're looking for a book that will really screw with your mind, similar to the movie Memento, this book is it. I'm keeping this review short, because I don't want to give any spoilers.This is another book that asks the question, how well do you really know someone?  What if the person who sleeps next to you every night has been playing a part?  What are we each capable of when we feel threatened or wronged?Highly recommend.
I have been pondering how I would review this book since about the third chapter. Each night I read and each night I thought and thought as I lay in bed. I could NOT get this story and these people, Nick and Amy out of my head... It has been years since a book has made me feel the one this one has. Does that make me crazy?The lovely and talented Amy Elliot Dunne goes missing on the morning of her 5th anniversary. She is married to suave and grinning Nick Dunne and from there it gets dark and twisted.The story is told in alternating points of view, Nick's internal monologue and Amy's Diary. With each chapter we learn something new about the investigation into Amy's disappearance and the progression of their "love" story. Usually I don't enjoy this mode of storytelling, if the author is not skilled it can cause confusion, but Flynn does an excellent job here, a tidbit here, a clue there. Is Nick guilty? Did he kill her? This device drives the reader deeper into the thrilling world of the Dunnes.I knew there was a twist. I think knowing, but not knowing made this book even better. I waiting with baited breathe with each turn of the page, would the next page, the next chapter reveal this wonderful twist?It happens and it blows your mind.I have not read any of Gillian Flynn's other novels, but they will be added to my to-read list immediately. This author is deft at painting inky black pictures and I want more.Not only was this definitely a page turner, but I would have to say it was wicked fun to read. I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys playing in the dark.
Several of my reader friends recommended this book to me.  I read the fly leaf and decided not to buy it.  I'm so glad!  I got the book from the library twice and couldn't get into the story.  The way the book is written is not a style I enjoy (switching characters back and forth), and I didn't care for the characters who I find to be pompous, a bit stereotypical in an unintended way, bitter and unlikeable.  However, because I usually like the books my friends read, I started listening to this book on CD.  I am near the end , and twice I've almost quit listening for several reasons.  The characters' thought processes are more complex than the characters themselves. Neither Nick nor Amy are likeable, so why keep reading?  Because of the HUGE twist.  When I heard that, I thought about what would most likely be a HUGE storyline twist, and I guessed correctly.  I'm not a prude, but there are several words that I find offensive as well as regional generalizations, and the fact that Amy seems to believe she's so much more intelligent than the rest of the world. I've known a few people like her who hold grudges and continue to offend or embarrass their victims long after the imagined offense. Finishing this book is unpleasant, but I'm determined to see it through now.I will say I'm glad so many people enjoy different writing styles and story lines.  It would be a boring world if we all liked the same things.
Amy and Nick are married for five years, but there is not much harmony left. All of a sudden, Amy is missing. And from there, a more and more surprising and devious plot develops, cleverly and elegantly put together by a very talented writer.It is difficult to talk about the plot without risking spoilers. So let's say this: It is not a conventional thriller. There are twists and totally surprising developments, we are getting manipulated and are lied to by both protagonists. It's not only a thriller, the book is also about unconventional truths about love and marriage. Sadly, the ending is a disappointment. Best not to expect too much from it and just enjoy the reading of the novel as such.The book is always straightforward and readable, but maybe there are a few digressions too many. I can't help but feeling that nowadays thriller writers feel the need to expand their books to 600 pages when 400 would have done just as well. That's stupid, because it automatically weakens the suspense.Gillian Flynn really deconstructed love and marriage here a lot, so I have a suggestion for readers who would like to read a (shorter) crime novel which is thrilling, full of dark humor and lets you believe in love again:Heads Off (A Lisa Becker Mystery).
This was such a GREAT book! I am actually sad that I finished it!!! So crazy!! so many twists and turns.. you will love the characters, then you will hate them, then you'll feel sorry for them!! I definitely recommend it! One of my favorite books now!!
This book was amazing. I love the point of view and writing style. So many twists and turns and comebacks. Crazy ending that was perfect.
In short, and I know I am in a minority position, but this book was not all that it is cracked up to be.  I actually had to slog through it.  I found that as I read on that I not only disliked most of the characters but also, could care less about them. It was not that the writing itself was bad, but that the characters , hardly at all, could make me feel sympathetic towards them in any way.
Starts out slow. But towards the middle of the book the plot thickens and gets twisted. I'm 3/4 done. Can't wait for the ending.
I really enjoyed this book and couldn't put it down.  So many people didn't like the ending, but I appreciate a writer who doesn't feel like they have to end a book just how everyone wants it to.  I would highly recommend it.
I expected the book to live up to it's reviews.I found it predictable and depressing. I COULD put it down. Not well written. Very creepy.
Without giving any spoilers I have to say this is a great read! The biggest issue I have read that people have with this book is the ending. I've got to say I initially did not like it either. However, when I thought about it it had a creepy twilight zone, psycho feel to it. If it were a movie I'd imagine the final scene with the camera zooming out and the psycho theme playing.
Gone Girl is the story of Nick and Amy Dunne. A married couple in their mid-30s that doesn't like each other very much. Nick is a self-indulgent, unemployed writer who is rude and negligent towards his wife. Amy is beautiful and narcissistic, a spoiled only child. For some reason they're both still very likeable but you just have this feeling things aren't as they appear. The book is written in dual povs, Nick's in the present and Amy's in the past. From Nick's pov he is the worst husband on the planet. From Amy's pov she's trying so hard to keep her marriage together.The book begins with Amy's disappearance on their five year wedding anniversary and the story continues and unravels with the investigation. At about the halfway point we find out what's really going on and I was pretty shocked.Amy is such a fascinating character. She's so clever and selfish to the point it's amusing. She's completely delusional, a sociopath. But I just couldn't manage to hate her. Once Nick showed up to the party so to speak is when the book really started to get good. Flynn did a great job taking her time giving us a great picture of Nick and Amy's life, very detailed and descriptive, and the way she revealed the pieces of the puzzle was brilliant. I thought the book ended in a strange place but I got it. Overall, I loved it! Bravo!
I did not like this book. If I could I would give it 2.5 stars, the extra .5 for the last part of the book being somewhat funny. I always round up my reviews, because I am cool like that.Nick doesn't like women, or people with money and he's kind of a douche who cheats on his wife (once, granted for more than a year). Amy is a sociopath who accuses people of all sorts of things like stalking, rape, molestation and she doesn't seem to like men. Amy sets up Nick for murder to make him pay for cheating on her. (not really a spoiler, by page 24 of the hard back it was obvious this was a set up)The good:* Not much, honestly. Nothing stands out as being "good" I enjoyed Nick's entries, I related to him more than Amy. But even he got annoying.* "Real" Amy was funny at times, especially right before the end.The bad:* I am not a prude (one of my favorite books is American Psycho, so I can deal with "bad guys") but some of the "offensive" language was used to the point where it was boring. I am sure Amy talking about anal sex was supposed to sound edgy, but the way it was written made her sound uneducated. Same thing with Nick.* This book was boring at times and easy for me to get distracted. I forced myself to finish it.* There are some issues with Amy's Master Plan. The FBI can tell when I diary was produced and put on sale, also they can tell how old ink is and how long it's been since something was written.* I didn't like or care about most people in the book. I could have liked Nick more, but for some reason I felt him lacking.* I think I would have liked this better if it were from Nick's POV.* Twists should be done carefully. Not just to have a twist. Have we learned nothing from M. Night Shyamalan?What really breaks my heart about this book is that there was a lot of potential. It could have been a great book.I plan on trying to read this book a year from now, to see if my opinion has changed.I bought her two other books at the same time I ordered this one. I am
This book took me a few times to start. I don't know why but the first couple of chapters didn't hook me. About two years later, so many people raved about it-and I saw the movie trailer-so I picked it up again. I could hardly put it down.Plot is new. There were so many surprises that I literally could not guess what would happen next. The characters were well developed and I loved both of them. Can't say I've read many books twice, but I would this one.
It makes me mad, it makes me feel for the husband. I just want to read it so fast so I can see what happens! Holding back and reading everyday for a few minuets.
This book is full of switcheroos thanks to the changing perspectives and time shifts.  Your sympathies will shift as you read the story.  It was a well crafted story, but I found the characters unlikable in the end.
I really enjoyed Gone Girl until the second half of the book. After that it became a huge jumble of unanswered questions and plot errors.In the beginning, I was truly torn between believing Nick's story of events or Amy's. The story hummed along at a nice, fast pace and Flynn kept me turning page after page. But the second half defied logic. The author left enough plot holes to drive a Mack truck through. Amazing Amy turned from being a victim of a neglectful and at times, cruel husband to being a super criminal beyond any mere mortals reach.Some of the most glaring plot holes: Nick might have been stupid, lazy and inattentive, but the man would have to be a total imbecile to miss all the deviant behavior Amy displayed. He did live there after all. How does one write the equivalent of two novel's worth of diary entries without their spouse noticing? That would take up a tremendous amount of time. And all the things she bought in his name. Where did she have them delivered and how did she get them into the shed without anyone seeing her? Some of the items were big and bulky, things she would have never been able to carry on her own. There is no indication that Go lived in the woods. Surly, someone would have seem Amy skulking around.If Amy was so brilliant, why did she leave with so little money? She could have used some of the credit cards she opened in Nick's name to get cash advances. How did Amazing Amy get taken by Jeff and Greta, two people who lived on the margins of society.Amy left at least 6 witnesses behind who could testify to her fake death and three we know of who could testify to her vindictiveness when crossed. No matter what their station in life or their responses to Amy's behavior, the sheer number of people with the same story would be overwhelming.And then there is Amazing Amy. The super being who can do anything to anyone and never get caught. Flynn paints her as a completely evil psyco-sociopath. That level of insanity leaves a huge swath of destruction in it's path. Someone like Amy would never be satisfied with destroying the lives of so few people who crossed her. There would have been more. After all, she lives to win.The further into the book the reader gets, the more unbelievable the plot gets. Why did Nick stay? He wasn't trapped. Amy's threats were outrageous. Even the dumbest detective would never believe that Nick would try to poison his wife using the same method she outlined in her diary. And how stupid would Nick need to be to attempt to murder her after all he had been through? Which leads us to the most unbelievable plot twist in the entire novel; Amy's pregnancy accomplished with frozen sperm at least two years old and stored in less than perfect conditions. ( Where did she hide it anyway?) IVF is incredibly hard to accomplish in ideal circumstances, but once again, Amazing Amy outsmarts Oblivious Nick.The incredibly unsatisfying ending: the mark of an author who is lazy and tired of her characters, or has written her way into a corner and can't find her way out. Either way; a copout.I think the biggest disappointment for me was that, in the end, Nick turned out to be as stupid and lazy as Amy painted him to be. Seems I was as stupid as Nick. On the surface, Flynn dazzles us with her cleverness; but after reflection, I just feel duped.
Very compelling story. The plot's twists and turns were unpredictable-like a rollercoaster!  Well written with believable characters. This book would make a great movie... a more cleverly constructed tale than War of the Roses.
I didn't expect the intensity of this piece and I was impressed. Flynn did an excellent job describing the mind of a sociopath and the destruction she orchestrates on the lives of those around her.  Excellent job.
This book received such great reviews that I finally decided to read it.  I loved the storyline with its twists, but the writing got a little dull at times.
I had trouble putting this book down despite the fact that the story is dark. The writing is that good. I found it impossible to get a handle on the Amy character, a crazy woman, a sociopath impossible for me to figure out. Her personality jumped this way and that. She was pure, cunning, and evil inside out as well as being  a near genius, a lethal combination if ever there was one. Nick's personality and actions, although a saint he ain't, was easier for me to understand. His dysfunction was caused by a traumatic childhood ruled over by a brutish father. The way Amy and Nick interacted makes for an absorbing read, however. Personally, I enjoy more levity even in a thriller. I liked the way the chapters alternated between the protagonists. It helped me get through the hellfish labyrinth created by the sociopath and the dysfunctional . This is not my favorite genre, but I clearly recognized the excellence and originality of this lengthy body of work.
The book kept me engaged.  By the time I started reading Part 2 I couldn't put it down.  I felt it was coming to a spectacular climax, and it never happened.  I kept looking for an epilog that wasn't there.  I was very disappointed.  Up to that point I felt the book was done very well.  I found it to be an unusual story with many twists and different plots.  I felt I was left flat!
Well written, but worth the time? The twists and turns are neat, but the book didn't really appeal to my values regarding good fiction writing.
I liked the dialogue of the book. I wanted to find out how it would end. Now I will always wonder, even though I've made up my own ending.
I bought this book because it was for months in the best selling list of kindle. I still cannot understand why so many people have written so many outstanding reviews. Especially the first part of the book was extremely boring. The second part had some interesting points but still could not compensate for the whole book. I am sorry that I paid such a high price for this book. I would not recommended.
I LOVED this book!  I have read some comments that people do not like the ending.  I thought the ending was perfect!  Until you read the last page, you still don't know what's going to happen.
I am so angry right now! All the time I wasted on this book just because of its critical acclaim. It might have been somewhat more tolerable if the two main characters in this book had only destroyed each other. But no... the destruction had to be intergenerational with absolutely no peace for anyone after all the dust had settled. Horrible book, horrible ending, and horrible experience!
I'm sorry, but this book was just not for me!*SPOILER ALLERT*Although well written and able to captivate me until almost the end, the end itself was simply awful! I was really skipping whole paragraphs to get to the end, cursing the characters because of their dumb decisions and was not finally rewarded with a satisfying ending! I couldn't believe that the book was over and I was reading credits on my Kindle! That's why I'm giving this book two stars, actually: yes, it was well written, no, I will never read this again or recommend it to anyone who is not thinking about killing him/herself. I think that if the author would have given us some closure at the end, this would probably be one of my keepers. However, as it is, I felt dirty and angry with the whole world. I even fought with my husband and had to apologize afterwards explaining to him that I was extremely frustrated because of a book I have read. It's not that the characters weren't flawed or unlikeable, they were, all of them, but the fact that the big bad psychopath at the end wins, with a lame "I'm sorry that you have to wake up being you every day" as punishment, was the unacceptable issue! Totally depressing! Definitely, this was not for me!
My book club members were divided on this. Some liked it, Some hated it. I kept reading, hoping things were going to change.
The ending threw me. As I sat for a moment after I was done, I wanted to be angry, but the more I thought about it the more I realized the reader doesn't  need to know anymore to understand this is a phenomenal book.
This 3rd novel by Gillian Flynn has the least likeable characters that I have ever met. Even though the characters were deplorable, I loved the plot. I couldn't stop turning the pages. This is the first book in a long time that I would even read while I was walking in the hallways at work. Any time I had a couple of minutes, I would sneak time to read just a bit more. Wow. The plot twists are shocking right up until the last bit of the book. Just. Shocking. Anyone who loves surprises and suspense should read this book.
I read this sometime ago and then my book club read it later, so I had to re-read.  I enjoyed it each time.  It definitely kept me engaged and gave our group a lot to think about and to discuss.
Gone Girl is the story of Nick and Amy, a highly dysfunctional New York City couple who relocate to Nick's hometown in Missouri to care for his ailing parents.  Nick comes home one day to their "mcmansion on the river" to find his living room in a shambles and his wife gone.  The story is told through the alternating perspectives of Nick and Amy, going all the way back to the time they met up to present day.  I became a Gillian Flynn fan after reading Sharp Objects, and Gone Girl did not disappoint.  After reading these two books, I'm going to start calling her the Queen of F***ed Up Characters.  Her writing is crisp, clean and vivid, some of her prose reading like poetry.  After getting to know the characters through their history, the ending did not surprise me, but it also did not disappoint.  My recommendation would be to sit back and enjoy the ride and thank God for your own normalcy.
The twists and turns in this novel will keep you on the edge of your seat.  Great read and an unbelievable ending!
After all I'd heard, this wasn't exactly how I thought it would be. There's never been a more savvy plotter when it comes to appearances, love, or the perfect crime. You are driven to love and hate this character simultaneously and completely. A fun read!
I found this book hard to get into.  It was boring and I didn't like how slow it read.I say no.
I loved Flynn's clever and witty writing style and the way she alternated the story between Nick and Amy.  The author kept me turning the pages with her ingenious and suspenseful twists in the plot and her brilliant portrayal of a marriage gone wrong.  I couldn't put this book down and was enthralled by Amy's character development and the cruel ends that she went to in order to punish Nick or anyone else in her path.  Amy's diary was fiendishly shocking and clever and I would have easily given this book 5 stars for her writing but the ending was just so awful that I was actually ANGRY and DISAPPOINTED that anyone who can write so well as this author could have screwed up the outcome of this story.  Her ending deserves only 1 star.  While I was reading the book, I felt as if I was being taken on a wild joy ride only to arrive at my destination to find out that the place we were driving to never even existed.  I was loving every page as I went along but was left totally frustrated with the ending.  Flynn planned out the entire amazing story line but dropped the ball by not giving any thought whatsoever to the ending.  It's as if she got so tired and couldn't figure out how to finish the story since the ending was unreasonable and totally unsatisfying.
The first part is actually a very good read and then it totally fizzles out,I got sick and tired of the two main characters and did not finish the book!
I gasped out loud a few times while reading this. It's t really smart and keeps you guessing, I couldn't put it down
This is a brilliantly written book proved to have a plot that is cleverly build and pulls the reader's strings to keep the guessing game in play well towards the middle of the novel. Subtle nuances throughout the book went back and forth between the husband's and the wife's treachery. The writing style, character complexity and cleverly constructed plot proves the author to be worthy of the journalist career that Ms Flynn has.  I was disappointed to say the least by the ending when I was waiting all a long for a more powerful exit.  Unfortunately, it is very difficult to carry such twisted plot throughout the whole novel keeping the reader on the edge of the seat.  Alas, only a few writers are accomplished in such a triumph.
Storyline great, hard to put down; very good psychopath story.  I found the book hard to put down.  The ending was disappointing, a let down, which is why I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars.  Certain characters came so close to figuring out Amy, but they all of a sudden just gave up, after everything she had done.  The author is obviously writing sequels to this one, but not interested.  The next one will involve a baby; I don't think I can stomach what Amy might do to a child.
Started well, but after the second chapter I hated everyone in the book, didn't care what happened to them.  Ending was a sucker-punch.  A waste of money for me.
I have been meaning to read this book all year and finally did.  I couldn't put it down. The ending made me want to know what happened in the future!
Absolutely brilliant read!  Amazing story line that held my attention from start to finish.  A real page-turner!  I thoroughly enjoyed it!  I could not wait to see how it would turn out.
They ending was very disappointing.  I felt angry and sad at the same time.  Guess I am a sucker for a tidy conclusion.  Would however like to read a sequel to see how the author would develop the characters.
Hope I never run into a woman like the &#34;Gone Girl&#34; and if I do, will run the other way!!!!
I would suggest this to anyone looking for a read on a long flight.  It is interesting and thrilling but still an easy read.
This book is a page turner.  However, found it to be too disturbing for my taste.  Did not care for the ending at all!
Definitely not what I was expecting. Full of riveting twists and turns that keep you reading and reading. Can relationships really be this toxic? Is there some of this in all of us?
This book came so highly recommended by folks that often exchange books back and forth with me - but I found this book just awful!  I finished it just so I would know the ending but oh how I wished I had never started it.  :(
really enjoyed the journey but hated the destination.  How anyone would put up with that behaviour,even for the sake of their child, is beyond me so I was disappointed with the ending.  However great plotting, I could not put it down.
Somewhat of a page turner. Who is manipulating whom and what is left of the main protagonists after all the drama and manipulation?
These characters are awful human beings, and I found it very difficult to care about them. Also, the book was very predictable - only the ending was truly surprising to me.
I don't normally read thrillers but I had to read this one as I felt completely out of the loop when people kept asking me if I had read it. Glad to say it completely lived up to its reputation and was one of the most original and intriguing books I have read for a while. The story of a dysfunctional marriage Gone Girl shows us just how messed up most of us really are but don't probably show it. In this book we see the consequences of what happens when people show their true colours. There were also lots of subtle but very clever lines scattered throughout the book that made me feel that Gone Girl was much more than just a thriller, it is a social commentary. Would love to be able to write something like this myself, that appeals to everyone but is so much more than another page turner.
A bit like a human jigsaw puzzle. This novel is very well constructed. Phenomenal writing. Excellent twists. Interesting characters. A bit on the dark side, but isn't that what makes it so intriguing? The writing alone, with Ms. Flynn's metaphors and descriptions, make this worth reading, but to get a great story and several surprises along the way, really put this one over the top. Addictive -- and compulsively readable.
This novel kept me flipping through the pages as each new twist arrived. And each one was so unexpected. Very well done!
Compulsive thriller where most the action stems from the characters of the people involved, and where most of the mystery stems from just who those characters are. This is a dazzling technical display of plot construction, though there are a few creaky bits. Don' read it if you are looking for warm fuzzy characters you can curl up with, or for noble behavior.  But if you are looking for a great thriller, read it, and don't read any plot givaways before you do.
Since I knew this was a best seller, I expected to be drawn in right away. This wasn't the case. The first few pages didn't hook me; in fact I had to reread those pages then move forward. And when I did, I couldn't put the book down. Gillian Flynn did an excellent job getting into the minds of the characters and the pacing was perfect.This is definitely a book I'd read again. Even though I know the outcome, I'm sure I missed small nuances in the storyline.
I nearly gave up on this book in the first chapter but am glad that I did not as it is a brilliant book. Very cleverly written and lots of twists. Would highly recommend it. the ending is very unpredictable.
Cheap, predictable plot which could've taken an interesting turn or two in a couple of places but didn't, and the back-and-forth narrative at the end was like death by a thousand papercuts.  I kept thinking, "end already!"  I was foolishly hoping the much-touted twist would come on the last page, but no luck.  The characters weren't particularly interesting, either.  Blah.
This is a good psychological thriller...This type of story is scarier in some ways than hard-core horror. I know people in some very toxic relationships, so it's easy to believe this could really happen. I wasn't sure I liked the ending, but the more I think about it...it works.
I did not like the wife or the husband and really had negative feelings re the characters....they got together for all the wrong reasons.
I stopped reading it midway through the book.  I understand that it won an award.  I just think there is more to literature than this poorly designed plot.  I wasn't interested in the characters either.
This was an unbelievable relationship that should never have happened.  If you are willing to suspend your disbelief and poetic faith, you can see the terrible angst Flynn creates. It is a difficult read, but a challenge to see if it is possible to guess the outcome. Probably not. Well worth the time to read it. A study is psychopathic sadness!
The whole ploy keep me completely intrique during the entire book.  Best book I read in awhile. Heard its coming out in a movie.  Will go see it.
The story was not actually predictable so that made it interesting. It was also well written and the voices were different. I cannot decide if the ending was the right one or the author did not know quite where to go with the end of the story. A good read.
This is a real page turner.  The method of writing one chapter from the point of view of the husband and the next from the point of view of the missing wife really works for this story.  My empathy for one of the characters (not giving anything away here!) became so strong that I was just desperate for justice to be served.  I strongly recommend this psychological thriller.
It had some intrigue at first but lost it along the way. I finished it only by skimming my way through.
There's not much you can say about GONE GIRL without spoiling the experience. No matter where you think the story is going, it isn't. READ IT. This is the book everyone will be talking about this Summer.
This novel helps you guessing on how the story was going to play out and who would end up on top by the end of the novel.
Please read my review on &#34;Dark Places&#34;, I will be giving this book another try...I have read &#34;Dark Places&#34;, currently reading &#34;Sharp Objects&#34;, so &#34;Gone Girl&#34; will be my last, I think I went backwards, but that's OK..
Great fast paced read. Alternating points of view made this a fast read. You grow to dislike yet respect both Amy and Nick. Clearly not a basic story. Original from start to finish.
THIS IS ONE OF THOSE &#34;NEVER PUT DOWN&#34; BOOKS.  SUCH A GOOD READ AND SO MUCH FUN TO TRY TO FIGURE OUT. I REALLY ENJOYED THIS ONE AND LOOK FORWARD TO OTHER FLYNN BOOKS.
I began this book with enthusiasm and an open mind. The beginning was well written and the plot plausable, but it was all downhill after that. The characters were just plain unbelievable as was the plot. I felt more disappointed and frustrated the further I read and to tell the truth I was glad it ended so I could get stuck into a book that had some grist and depth to it. Sorry but this is a shallow forgettable novel. If you want to read a brilliant psychological thriller I suggest you try The Summer Of Katya by Trevanian.
This book grabs you from page one and never lets go.  Beautifully written and beautifully realized.  Characters are complex, yet believable.  A writer at the top of her game.
After reading reviews rating this as a great book, I purchased it.I found the both the main characters unlikeable, and couldn't relate to,or care about either of them.  The book gave me &#34;the creeps&#34; to thinkthat people are actually so manipulative.
I think it was well written, held my attention.  However I did not feel there was a real ending, too many questions remained.
Warning:  I have not finished this book,however...It is full of twists and turns that I didn't expect (and I pride myself on figuring mysteries out in the first three chapters). It's a great summer read that I recommend.
...except the ending seemed a bit unbelievable to me. Still and all, I found it to be a good read.
I was shocked at where this book takes you and couldn't stop thinking about it days later!!  It's a must read
Very good and certainly unexpected and unusual story.  I would recommend this novel to anyone who is looking for the unusual.
i am not a prude, but could have done without all the foul language throughout the book. main character pretends to be dead at the hands of her husband . they are reunited and resume their relationship at some level. did not like the ending.  will probably not read any additional books by this author.
I could barely put down this book it was so suspenseful and enticing.  However, didn't really like the ending.  BUT lends itself to a sequel.
A modern-day Hitchcock story written in fresh analogies and description.  Gillian Flynn is a refreshing, literary writer whom I will continue to follow.
I chose a low rating as I quite frankly did not enjoy this book.  Isuppose  the subject matter was distasteful to me and the story line  a . bit unbelievable.  I was uncomfortable reading it and scimmed to get it finished. no problem with the actual writing but  I guess just not my taste of plot line. No doubt I  am one of the few as the book on best sellar list  forever.
this book was the most twisted thing i've read in a long time. yeesh! I mostly skipped Part I and really started reading in Part II and didn't feel like I missed anything, which is why I gave it three stars. I was also frustrated with the ending somewhat. +++Spoiler+++ I thought the way the story was going that she would get caught or we'd get some psychological testing . . . how exactly do you implant yourself? . . . I didn't imagine NIck just giving up in the end or willingly have a child with this psychotic break, another reason I only gave it three stars.However, very suspenseful read and very well written.
(if this review seems a little confusing, im jusy trying not to give any spoilers away!)This book had me hooked from the beginning. The first part of the book is told from Nick's POV and diary entries from his missing wife, Amy. I was absolutely convinced Nick was the ultimate creep. If its true that sometimes the simplest explanation is the most likely, then I figured it was cut and dry-Nick killed Amy. Then you get deeper into the novel, and all the twisted psychological aspects of it...it's crazy. The lengths certain people went to in this story blew my mind. However, I do think that with all the preparations, one of the protagonists gets a little careless when meeting other people. It just seemed like everything up until that point was so painstakingly erected, that this part of the story seemed a little off. But, in real life even the most careful people make mistakes, and there had to be a turning point somewhere... Regardless, I read this book in a day. I couldn't put it down, and it had me thinking for a long time after...
What more can I say without including spoilers?  Predictable.  From about 1/4 of the way in it was obvious what had happened to the victim.  And after that was finally made part of the story,it was obvious what would happen at the end and how the protagonist would get his/her way in the end.  Suffering through the whining of the two main characters page after page after interminable page, I hoped for something to justify all the great reviews.  Yes, it had an intricate plot, and one twist that wasn't really integral to the main story line, but no surprises.  I do like to have someone to root for, someone likeable in my entertainment, some satisfaction at the outcome.  Two thumbs down! I'm angry that I wasted so much time on this book!!!
This book is written in a bizarre approach that wanders back and forth between the two main characters and confuses the timeline of events. I found it hard to follow, and I quickly tired of reading it.  It wasn't interesting enough to hold my attention.  I skimmed ahead to learn the end. I don't think an Amazon sample via Kindle--normally a great feature--is adequate to show the peculiar and confusing read that lies ahead. I'd give this a half-star.
This was a pretty good book.  Only problem was that you don't really get that end of book closure and sense of justice that you want.  You will never guess how it ends.  That I  good, and bad.  Still a good read.
I thought this started a bit slow, but I kept at it as I'd been told it was good. It's actually a lot more than just good. I'd highly recommend it. It's not really a thriller as its not fast paced, story is really worth reading though.
This was a very interesting story and I enjoyed it thoroughly.  Thank you!  I also enjoyed the writing style very much.
i was unhappy with Part One, finding the motivations and actions impossible and the characters flat and one-dimensional.Part Two started off nicely rectifying Part One but quickly settled into The Plot Device which wags the tail of this tale.the characters switch and then become cliche and i mentally kept looking at my watch.finally after laboring The Plot Device far too long the book fizzles out to an unsatisfying conclusion.i didn't like any of the nasty characters and found myself sorry for wasting my time.reader beware, it's a book version of a lifetime network movie.
*SPOILERS WHEN INDICATED* I give Gone Girl four stars, but on it's own merits it deserves three, and compared to other thrillers out there it deserves five. Confused?You should be. Let me explain.It's really hard for me to give the kind of &#34;thrillers&#34; that come out nowadays any more than an average rating. You know the ones I'm talking about - the James Patterson, John Grisham thrillers with their No 1. Bestseller declarations on the covers and their huge fonts on the spines. Gone Girl was more than that; it was refreshingly above average in every way. A suspenseful plot meets fully-fleshed characters, excellent description and prose and subtle human drama to create a page-turning and haunting read. I feel like I should give it MORE than four stars, but really, if I did that I'd feel like a sellout. Here's why:The ending. The ending of Gone Girl was deeply, deeply unsatisfying. Not to mention rushed, out of focus, jolting, annoying, and unsettling. And don't give me no, &#34;Oh that's how the author intended it&#34; baloney. There will be *SPOILERS* in the next few sentences. Now don't get me wrong, I'm fine with books and films in which the heroes do not get retribution and the villains walk away Scot-free. Take a look at Animal Farm and The Usual Suspects for some instances of that. But the ending HAS. To Be. SATISFYING. And ultimately, having Amy - a ruthless, conniving, scheming, despicable femme fatale - getting her way (in everything) is unsatisfying on every level. Our protagonist Nick (who we alternately love and hate through the course of the narrative) - be screwed over and left in the clutch of one of the most hateable (and I don't mean in a good way, as in Joffrey from Game of Thrones) characters in recent memory. It's not that we feel hate towards her (though we do), it's that we hate hearing her, seeing her, and even reading about her. And worst of all? She gets away without one shred of remorse or punishment. This is not a nice feeling to have, and ultimately, the book falls short when it comes to the ending. *Spoilers end* What should have ended with a brutal impact...ended like the flop of a floundering fish.But hey, let's talk pros: The writing was rich and vivid, with great descriptions, chilly moods, atmosphere, and great characters. Gillian Flynn gets you into the minds of her characters like no one else. It's a pity that through out the entire novel, there is not one supremely likeable or relateable character. The plot was suitably intricate and convoluted, and I just loved the &#34;unreliable narrator&#34; aspect of it all, though I was decieved before reading into believing that Gone Girl was a fast paced mystery. It isn't. The plot is slow-burning, taking a long time to get going, but is always engrossing and somewhat riveting. Don't go into this expecting something you will not get: a fast-paced, action-packed thriller. What you will get is a slow-burning, engrossing, complicated, realistic, and twisted thriller. And that's great on it's own merits, isn't it.So that's my review. Gone Girl gets 4 stars for the suspense and atmosphere, not to mention the ingenious plot and characters, though loses points for the absymal anticlimax, for zero sympathetic characters, and for the long time it takes to get started. But once it gets started...this is one of the most memorable and astonishing works of thriller fiction published in recent memory. And it's over to you, David Fincher. Rosamund Pike and Ben Affleck should knock this out of the park.
There's very little doubt why David Fincher is directing the movie adaption. Writing this as I just finished and there's not much I can say without spoilers, other than it takes the topics of murder, media, and marriage and slams them on their ears. What it doesn't do is take the obvious route.
Welcome to the world of Amy Elliott Dunne and her husband Nick Dunne.  On their fifth wedding anniversary, a day Amy always celebrates to the hilt, she disappears under mysterious circumstances.  Nick is the prime suspect and does nothing to make his family, the media, or the public think differently.  Thus begins a highly suspenseful tale loaded with twists and turns to keep you eagerly turning the pages.  I am in awe of author Gillian Flynn's clever plotting and now anxious to read her two previous books.  To go more deeply into the story line would involve spoilers, so I will avoid that and just say Amy and Nick are two of the most dysfunctional, psychotic people you may ever come across.  Their story is riveting, appalling, and highly readable.  A smart and stylish golden couple who complete each other in every way, their story and the inside look into their marriage will have readers mesmerized from romantic beginning until the stunning finale.
Good thriller, would hold your attention, there is obviously a sequal on the way..Thought the author could have gone into the relationship with her parents more, and definately though the other 'victims' of her behaviour could be brought into the story more... .
I was hesitant to read it, given all the mixed reviews, but I am glad I did.....this is not your typical happy ending story....I sure hope there is a sequal coming....Amy is one twisted character and Nick could be any of us just caught up in a web of a "pshyco bi***" It was very well written and just when you thought this is what might happen next, you are totally taken the other way around! In the first part of the book, I did have the feeling that Amy was not all that she was telling us! Come on - I am a very easy going person, but the stuff she says she let her husband slide with, does not happen in a real marriage! This is not a "brainless" book nor an easy read but it is a must read for sure!
It took a few pages to get into the book; however, this is a psychological thriller with surprising twists. It is an interesting story with lots of action and intrigue. It's one of those books that you do not want to end.
Couldn't put this book down.  Read it with one of my book club and it got a lot of discussion.
Interesting, wicked plot! Hard to put down and hard to stop thinking about. A good story that keeps the reader guessing. Not entirely pleased with the ending...it wasn't quite satisfying enough. But certainly a good book.
I'm really surprised at some of the negative views. I personally loved the psychological suspense and the ending was what was called for in this genre--unsettling!It is one of the best books on a marriage gone wrong...eerie, with a perfect twist. I highly recommend it. Don't believe all the bad reviews. : )
This book reads quickly and the mysteries are well-contrived. But I didn't care one bit for the characters and I didn't enjoy feeling manipulated by the author as the characters' voices shift back and forth so in one chapter you are being urged to like someone and in the next urged to dislike them. And I really didn't care about what happened to them in the end. Actually reading this book made me wnat to go and write reviews of the Tana French novels I have been reading that create much more believable, complex and ultimately sympathetic characters.
Page turner with lots of twists and an un- satisfying end. A little long for a novel, but worth it.
This book was a departure from my normal political-intrigue, spy genre.  Without a spoiler alert, I wasn't crazy about the ending.I recommend it and can very much see it as a movie.
This is a good story but I did not care for the abrupt ending. If you like your stories tied up in a bow without any loose ends, this will disappoint.
This book is a disgusting waste of time centering around a sociopathic woman and her ridiculous husband, infidelity and a fake death scheme...it's all too much and badly written at that. Police procedure and a basic understanding of how the judicial system actually works is just thrown out of the window for cheap, disgusting thrills (which quite frankly aren't that thrilling) and seriously no one in this novel was likable besides Detective Boney. I only finished this mess because I finish every novel I start but I will never read anything by this author again. It's a wonder that some folks get published. Save yourself the misery and skip this!
I loved this book.  Loved it.  I could not put it down.  It sucks you right in from the beginning.  The characters are AWESOME!  I highly recommend this book.  Reading it is time well spent.
Interesting premise with unexpected plot twists. Hard to put down. Should be good for book club discussion. Good book to gift.
When I finished this book, I wanted to give it one star, because it betrays the reader so much, but that wouldn't be fair, because the first half of the book is so gripping.  The author had no idea when to quit, and she's just wallowing in squalor by the end.  The main characters, who seemed pretty realistic at the beginning, have become unbelievable monsters.  A sad letdown.  I'd feel like a better person if I hadn't read it.
Gone Girl was an ok book, starts off on a really slow pace with the author explaining about the characters..liked the narration by the characters themselves, was a new kind of book that ways... too many twists & turns, but gets a little dragged towards the last 30 pages or so..
A portrait of a terrifying marriage.  I makes you think about who the person on the other side of the bed really is.
Grabs you from the first page AND is really well written. This is a delicious read, not pretentious or intellectual just fun and full of twists and turns that are impossible to predict. The end could have been tighter but essentially all else is great.
It's a thought-provoking, detail-rich story.  It's fast-paced.  It's unexpected.  It's incredibly well thought out.  All the details.The diary is a superb piece of the story.The story is enthralling.  However, there's something missing in Gone Girl at the level of the characters.  The parent characters are a bit two-dimensional, but that can be expected when they're seen from other people's point of view.  And Nick doesn't act in line with how he's been created to be.  It's like a drink has been poured, but left at the bar instead of having been drunk quickly.
I read it in a few days; thank heaven we were on vacation because I didn't get much else done. It's an intriguing read and keeps your interest. But the ending fell flat. I hope it's because there is a sequel; I gave it four stars with that in mind. If that was it, I'd give it three.
As the author ofCheer: A Novel, I am thoroughly impressed with what Gillian Flynn has done in Gone Girl.  She's created two wildly unlikeable characters and yet somehow managed to get the reader to root for them (or at least one of them, depending on your perspective).  She's done an excellent job portraying seemingly normal but actually sociopathic people, subtly drawing that very fine line between the two.  I finished this clever (and sometimes disturbing) book days ago and yet I can't stop thinking about it.
This is the story of Nick Dunne. He lives in Missouri.  On his fifth wedding anniversary his wife disappears.. He is a suspect. Very exciting.
This is a pretty solid four of five stars. Interesting and entertaining but not profound in any way.  Fun reading.
This book built into such a good addicting plot until it just ... dropped. Like another reviewer said, it's like the author didnt know what to do and just wrote it off  quickly. Dissappointing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This review is also available at: The Not-So-Literary Heiresses ([...]This book was a total mind-f*ck. It seriously made me happy to be single. This is what you should read when you want to get over a break-up. Seriously. It's also one of the best psychological thrillers I've read in a very, very long time.It's really hard to review this because I don't want to spoil it for anyone so I will try to be very vague. A seemingly happy couple. The wife goes missing under dubious circumstances and the husband becomes the prime suspect for her suspected murder. Did he or didn't he? The first half of the book is pretty much you unearthing the mystery of what happened to Amy and if Nick really did kill her, because it certainly seem that he did something. Then, all of a sudden, boom! You are slammed with a revelation so unexpected that will totally shatter all your initial thoughts about the book's storyline and its characters.And that is why I loved this book so much. Because the author has managed to trick me into believing that the plot is going a certain way. That the initial mystery is the center of the whole story. I felt duped and manipulated and I couldn't believe that I was that gullible... but then again this is how 80% of the characters in this book felt. My one comment is that the ending felt a bit anti-climactic... but I'm still giving it 5 Stars because it seriously did a number on me. I was thinking about this book days after reading it.If you want a roller coaster ride of manipulation, deceit, and deliciously twisted characters, then you should definitely read this one. I highly recommend it.
It's really hard to root for either character in this book because they are both awful and crazy.The story is very interesting thought and it kept you guessing throughout the book. Never would have guessed the ending.
Very well written and great reading. Finished in two days. I hope there wil be a Gone Girl 2. Great turns ans Twists. Highly recommendable.
I wasn't my favorite read.  It was disorganized and kept jumping around.  Maybe it was just the sadistic nature of the story telling that got me.  It was a read that kept me going though, that's for sure.
I really enjoyed this book until the very end. I was so pissed how it ended that I deleted her other books out of my &#34;wish list&#34;. I also told other people not to bother reading it because of the ending. If the ending went how I wanted it, I would have given the book a higher rating. But with that aside, the book was entertaining and kept you guessing about what would happen next. I hope the movie is better (and I hardly ever say that).
It was a good read. There was a twist in the story that was not expected. I liked how the story ended.
Gone Girl kept me in suspense until the end.  It had a real twist in the characters.  I thought I had it figured out and I didn't.  At times I wanted to say to the characters &#34; How can you believe each other?&#34;  A page turner and hard to put down.
Good read, but kind of slow going during the first 100 pages or so.  Almost didn't stick it out, but it ended up getting better.  Would have liked to have seen a better ending.  I guess you could say they deserved each other.
My daughter recommend this book to me to read, at 1st I didn't know if I was going to like it or not, actually I even though putting it down because I was getting a bit bored with it, but I kept hearing my daughter in my head saying &#34;Mom keep reading it get better&#34;, so to stop my beloved daughter screaming in my head, I kept reading and I happy I did, because WOW!! It was that good, couldn't put my Kindle down..Full of suspense, disturbed and downright nasty...I didn't know who was good or bad or pure evil...This book is that good, had me on the edge of my seat, I was a bit anxious reading it..I highly recommend this book..My 1st book from Ms. Flynn and I am hook..
I was eager to read GONE GIRL, the fabulously successful novel by Gillian FLynn. Frankly, as a writer myself, I find there is much to learn from most best sellers, even ones outside my own genre. The verdict on GONE GIRL is decidedly mixed. Flynn's descriptive powers and character building are excellent as is her dialogue. She infused both Nick and Amy (the POV stars) with strong voices and provides enough details about their proclivities and flaws to hook the reader. Initially. Midway through this novel (not really a mystery, folks), I felt restless and wanted it to end already. GONE GIRL is at best a psychological study, an intense and overlong look at the implosion of a marriage.Although neither character was perfect (who is?), my sympathies resided with Amy. Nick is the type of smug bounder who populates both fiction and true crime accounts. There's a very Scott Peterson-ish tinge to this superficial, essential stupid fellow who has been indulged by women all his life. I also found Amy's passivity unconvincing in a woman who spent her life on the upper fringes of Manhattan society. Move to MISSOURI? Come on, no man is worth that. Better to do hard time in an east coast prison.For the reader who enjoys wallowing in the mind of a protagonist, GONE GIRL should be a satisfying read. I fail to see how any mystery reader could be satisfied with a plot that is so trite you can see it coming early on in the book.
It is one of those kind of books,  you think &#34;this is so stupid, no one would do this&#34;.  But it reels you in and you have to keep reading to see what else is going to happen.  Not my favorite, but not a bad read either.
Thoroughly gripping novel. Leaves you guessing at so many turns. This book is a real page turner, well written, thought provoking. Any one of us could potentially find ourselves in such a situation.
I am not very pleased with this game.  The series of letter given make it almost impossible to construct interesting words.
It took me a while to buy the book. I didn't want to spend $12.99 on it but I finally gave in after it was on the most popular list for a while.The book could have been SO good!!! The ending was horrible!!! All of that for NOTHING! I really wanted to love this book and I hate to give bad reviews but I have to! Save your money.
I wasn't sure I liked this book at first, then it surprised me and I couldn't put it down.  Then, that awful, stupid ending!!!
This book was fantastic. I listened to the audiobook version and enjoyed the shifting perceptions of the characters and all of the unexpected twists. definitely a good read!
This book was highly recommended by several book club readers ... I beg to differ.  Definitely not my cup of tea ... so twisted in mind, heart and soul.  Who needs crazies.
I found Gone Girl just OK. The first half of the book dragged on. The second half of the book picked up and there was a surprise ending. The characters were just not very believable. It did pick up somewhat at the end.
I found this book gripping and unexpected. I couldn't put it down and finished it in a couple of days... recommended!!
A page turner, it keeps you on your toes. An outrageous story that gets all the details right, from the inner dialogue of a marriage crumbling to the constantly connected, always &#34;on&#34; world we live in to day. A psychological thriller that feels connected to this time and it's setting. Gaslight for the 21st century.
Completely awesome.  Don't hesitate to buy this book.  I liked her Sharp Objects, but this was really terrific.  Completely unpredictable.
This is the best book that I read in 2012.  I don't know if that means it was a great book or that I need to improve my reading list!
I find this book very frustrating.  First, I hate to see guilty people get off without punishment.  Amy needs to be in a psych ward somewhere with the keys lost.  Second, surely there is some way that Nick could find to catch her and prove his story is the right one.  Amy had to trip up somewhere.  Third, I understand how Amy felt about her parents.  They had a codependent love that left her on the outside while using her as fodder for their book series.  You just want to shake parents like that to wake them up and see what they are doing to their child!  And last, I'm frustrated because I want Nick away from this gal so he can raise him in his own way, flawed as it may be.  It doesn't sound like that would happen.
This book is amazingly well-written. The writer has done some serious character building. I loved the ending too. It was different and unpredictable. I think some part could have been edited as it slows down the pace a bit. Overall- a good suspense thriller.
I have found a new author to love!!  This story was really amazing in many ways....plot, characters, dialogue...a great read!!  I almost didn't read it because some reviewers complained about the ending....well I think the end fit the story perfectly.  Can't wait to read more by Gillian Flynn!
The first 90% of the book is well written and captivating, you are completely sucked in and as the book draws to a close you might start to panic a bit, where's the ending and then it's done.  There is no ending or rather it is a very very poor one.  The other issue with the book is that none of the characters are likable, well maybe Go Nick's sister but other than that there is no one to like in this book.
So good! It's a story about a woman, who disappears from her home on the day of her 5th anniversary under mysterious circumstances. Rewinding and going forward in time, the authors reveals twists and turns of the story of the young couple who had met in NYC, had been successful professionals, been laid off, and forced to move to the small town of the husband in the south. I didn't think I would like the book, and frankly it started a bit slow, but around page 80 (kindle page) I got sucked in and just couldn't put down the book. I would recommend it to others.
Just when you think you got it figured out your wrong! This story was so unpredictable, witty and masterfully written.  I won't give anything away.  All I can say it read it!
I had been recommended this book by numerous people, but was skeptical based on the mixed reviews on Amazon. Am I glad a read it? Yes. There was never a dull moment in the book and I enjoyed it. I'm just not sure how I feel about the ending...
I read this novel and instantly purchased another Flynn book.  The characters and twist in this book were great.  I don't tend to read &#34;crime novels&#34; but I had to see what all the hype was about.  I really enjoyed it and can't wait to start sharp objects.
I couldn't put it down! Right away I was interested in the characters and the plot, very fast paced and a major twist.
Although this starts as a really good mystery, the story twists and turns and becomes a psychological cat and mouse story. Really, though, is is an exaggeration of our own human traits, and cultural commandments. Who doesn't pretend to be someone a little brighter and more appealing than we think we are? What marriage doesn't have some nagging and nitpicking, and some back turning and silence? These characters just take it to an extreme  that makes you uncomfortable. That, and the edginess of the cat and mouse game, is exactly what this book is meant to do.  And it does it very well.
I was recommended this book by a friend! Man he didn't disappoint! This book has a lot of twists and turns. Some you think you are right about and then she throws a curve ball. If you like happy endings though, this is  not your writer. Great read!
Gone Girl will keep you reading wondering what could possibly happen next. Fantastic story and perfectly written. Every chapter brings together another piece of the puzzle and brings you deeper into the twisted plot.Enjoy :)
VERY slow start and a weird ending. I almost fell asleep until about half the book was over. Not at all what I expected.
This book got tons of hype, so I felt like I had to read it to understand why everyone was talking about it.  Only thought it was OK. was disappointed that someone so manipulative got their way EVERY time
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn opens on a warm summer morning in North Carthage, Missouri.  It is Nick and Amy Dunne&#8217;s 5th wedding anniversary when Nick receives a phone call from a neighbor telling him to come home &#8211; his front door is open and there is no answer from inside the house.  Nick rushes home to find his front door open, his home in disarray and his beautiful wife missing.  Nick naturally becomes the primary suspect and only increases suspicions as he has daydreams about the shape of his wife&#8217;s head, her crawling bloodily along the floor of their home while moaning his name, and he tells lie after lie to family, friends and the police.  Nick may be bitter, and he may be evasive, but is he really a killer?  Only one thing is for certain about Gone Girl and that is that nothing is as it seems.The narration of the book alternates from chapter to chapter as readers are exposed to glimpses of Nick&#8217;s life in the present day followed by passages from Amy&#8217;s diary in the past.  Nick, at least present day Nick is a grieving husband.  During the last year or two there have been problems in his marriage but as next follows Amy&#8217;s annual &#8220;treasure hunt clues&#8221; on this 5th wedding anniversary he sees a new side to his wife.  The side that still loves him and wants to fix their marriage.  Surprisingly, he finds he misses his beautiful, clever and romantic wife.  Unfortunately, as day after day passes she&#8217;s still missing and Nick is looking ever more suspicious.Amy&#8217;s diary depicts a slightly different version of this charmed marriage.  As the inspiration for her parent&#8217;s children&#8217;s book series, &#8220;Amazing Amy&#8221; she was always struggling to live up to expectations of perfection.  She tried to be the perfect daughter, friend, wife, etc. but as her diary depicts, she continually falls short.  &#8220;Amazing Amy&#8221; is perfect and Amy Dunne can never measure up.  Her husband was distant and being deceitful.  She knew it but what could she do?The story moves along predictably at first &#8211; Amy is missing and presumed dead while her husband Nick is looking increasingly guilty with every turn of the page.  As mentioned previously, in Gone Girl the only thing known for certain is that nothing is as it seems.  When readers cross the mid-point in the book this becomes very clear and the whole story is turned topsy-turvy leaving readers confused and shocked, wondering which way is up and what just happened?  There is a moment &#8211; one single moment &#8211; when every reader, whether they love or hate the book, will sit in awe as they realize that Flynn just wrote the biggest OH-MY-GOD moment in recent literary history.  It is superb!  Readers looking for lovable characters and happy (or at least justified) endings should skip Gone Girl but readers looking for a book that will shock and entertain should snatch this up and start reading.Review by Ashley LaMarClosed the Cover
Decadent - so decadent that I guess a lot to people think that is very modern. I did not like it.
Then you can tell everyone you did, cause they are going to ask.  Especially when the movie comes out soon.
Gone Girl definitely lived up to its promises: keeping me up to ungodly hours craving the next sick twist. It's intense, unpredictable, and smart. "Unputdownable". I would highly recommend reading it but keep in mind the ending is very anticlimactic. However, I do get the point. If you are debating whether or not to read this book based off of these reviews, my advice is to just read it. You won't be disappointed.
I couldn't put it down, every time you think you've figured it all out, the story flips and you find yourself in the dark again, I highly recommend this book! You won't be disappointed!
This was a good book has a few twists and turns that keep you turning the pages. I recommend it.
I had heard this was a good book and I finally bought it, it lived up to it's reviews and was a great read with a twist.
Some spoilers may be revealed in this review.Amy takes revenge to a psychotic level.  I found myself cheering for her at first, thinking it pure brilliance.  I could relate to her - the betrayal, the insecurities, the lack of appreciation and love.  I sympathized with her...Then, I realized she is just a crazy, controlling b*tch.And then I sympathized with Nick.  I was really hoping that he would outsmart her, earn her trust, catch her at a weak moment and turn her in.  I'd even be ok with him killing her.  But no...Flynn wanted to be mysterious or whatever.  Personally, I think it's a lazy way to end a book.Regardless, I give it four stars.  It held m interest and was well written - the complexity of the characters was extremely well developed.
I can say that overall I consider it a nice novel. The plot somehow seems unbelievable, but it sounds good as a fiction in the end. It also sheds light on some critiques of the American justice system. And the writer delivered a good message and advice about relationships between couples.I felt bored most of the time during the first part, but it was quite exciting in the other two parts.
Gone Girl is the story of Amy and Nick Dunne, a married couple of five years. Both of them, after having lost their jobs in New York, had to move back to Nick's home town to take care of Nick's sick parents. Amy mysteriously disappears on their fifth anniversary and Nick seems the prime suspect. However, as the plot unfolds, new secrets about the victim and the supposed perpetrator are revealed, literally turning the plot upside down.Full of twists and turns and a couple of "Shawshank Redemption Moments", I was not able to put it down once I started. Told from point of views of both Nick and Amy, and following a non-linear narrative, it is a very intelligently structured fiction. A well written book with really interesting characters - especially Amy's (In her own words, Gillian specializes in difficult characters - damaged, disturbed, or downright nasty and Amy is a perfect example)On the face of it, Gone Girl is a whodunit thriller set against the backdrop of a broken marriage. Peel off this layer and you will find that this is truly a story about relationships - a noir love story between a narcissist husband and a physco wife.The novel is being adapted to a movie by 20th century fox. Eagerly looking forward.PS: The book has some dark moments and a good amount of foul language.Thanks,Ashutosh[...]
Twists and turns and kept me on the edge of my seat. Couldn't put it down. Would recommend to everyone.
OK.  I must admit I really enjoyed reading the book.  The author put together a Hell of a story with a lot of unexpected twists.  I agree with many of the other reviewers that the book was in the "couldn't put down" category, but I also agree with those reviewers who pointed out and condemned the disappointing ending.  What was the author thinking ? As for character development, both Amy and Nick are nothing if not memorable.  On the margin, I believe worth your time.
I loved this book at the beginning and couldn't put it down. I found the two main characters to be well drawn and interesting, and wanted to find out what happened with the missing wife. The twist in the middle was fine by me; but in the last third of the book the plot just devolved into a series of completely implausible events. In my mind, that's not a twist, it's just frustrating.
A fun read with modern writing, but with an ending that comes off a little dubious.  Well worth it, though.
Never before have I read a book where I've disliked both main characters so intensely. Not a single redeemable quality between them. Gone Girl is a well-written, thoughtful, complex read that kept me guessing, which I liked. However, it is so depressing I found it difficult to read. I stopped and started this book several times because I was so frustrated by Nick's stupidity but once I got into it, I plowed through to the (disappointing) ending. I don't read fictional books so I can be depressed. There are enough depressing things in real life. I felt like I needed a long shower and a therapy session after finishing this book.
I really enjoyed Gone Girl and read it as fast as possible.  I am an avid mystery reader and Gone Girl was different from the usual plots of cat and mouse.  The author developed the husband and wife characters beautifully, and the switching of perspectives, each chapter, kept me wanting to see both sides.  I was always changing my mind...at the end of a chapter I would be favoring one or the other and then switched as I read the opposite view point in the following chapter!  I loved the ending and immediately bought Dark Places.
Let me start by saying this was one of the best books I've read in a long time. My Daughter doesn't usually like Mysteries, but when I started reading the book, I purchased it for her too. We both loved it and couldn't put it down.I was on the edge of my seat waiting to see how the story would end. What a huge disapointment I had when I finally got to the end. Why would you write a great book like this one, and end it like that? The end left you hanging. It was like she finished the book in a hurry.I was going to purchase other books by this auther while I read this book, but now, I doubt I will. If they all end like this one, I don't want to get started reading them.
I absolutely LOVED the first half of the book. Classic whodunit. But then the story takes a strange turn, it kept me interested in the most part until it turned into the most ludicrous decent into madness I have ever read. The story completely unravels about three quarters of the way through. I found myself hating every single character, but I think this may be what Gillian Flynn intended.The final nail in the coffin for me was the ending. I had heard from friends and family that the ending was horrible so I was trying to prepare myself. But no amount of preparation could have had me ready for the absolute, forgive me for being unable to find a better phrase, shit storm of an ending. So much build up for such a huge disappointment. I know not all endings will be happy, or even satisfying for that matter, but Flynn's ending just seemed like a bad combination of psychotic and lazy. It is as if she knew she had to end the book on a dark note but just did not want to write anymore.A real let down.
I am not sure how to write about how I feel about this book.  The writing is very good. It's an absolute page turner. But the end is so ... unsettling. Wow
I read Gone Girl this week. The first 2/3 of the book were pretty exciting: Who to believe? Is Amy (wife) lying or is Nick? It was a little lengthy but still interesting.I would have given the book 4 stars based on the first portion. But the ending was AWFUL. The last few chapters leading up to the end were drawn out and boring. The ending itself was just pitiful, I thought. My only hope is that (maybe?) they will change it for the upcoming movie?So, overall review of 2 stars. The book just lost steam (and lost me) at the end!
An excellent book!  Keeps you guessing from the start to the finish!  Although you can guess twist no. one at the beginning, you're never quite sure if you're right.  And turns out further twists keep your first guess not quite right!  Couldn't put it down!
Very interesting.  Many twists and turns which kept me guessing and anxious to read more for most of the book.  I enjoy books that make you think and Gone Girl kept me thinking for the entire book.  Keep them coming.
I downloaded the book this morning listened to it for alittle over 3hrs and Just could Not get into it, wasn't holding my interest at all! the Readers (narrators) were Great the Story just didnt do it for me.
I didn't stop reading until I had finished it, but it was a downer.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who wasn't already depraved.
This book hit the best seller list in June and is still on it seven months later. I am not sure why. I personally did not like the format story  style of the book. The story is unique but it didn't capture me. I had no empathy for the characters. I found them unappealing.
I did not care for the way the story was chaptered and would have much preferred the two top subjects to have been intermingled; hence only three stars.  That being said, it was a good storyline and well worth the time reading although I do feel that it is a book better appreciated by a younger reader as opposed to a senior reader.
Well written.  I read it through in a couple of days because I was so intriqued by it.  Near the end of the 2nd part I began to suspect what was going on so had to read on to verify my suspections.  Fun read.
Frankly, I think all of the 1 & 2 star ratings are from people that were so blown away with the fresh & raw writing style that they expected the same visceral wrap up for the ending. Okay, I get it, you didn't like the ending. So what, get over it. HOW else would you have done it?  It didn't deliver perfection so they got whiney. Well spank your little bottoms you ingrates! Go back to your James Patterson and yawn through another crappily written dumpster-filler and leave the intelligent writing to people who appreciate it!Personally, I don't read books like this but it was chosen by a friend and recommended. After the first two chapters I wanted to kiss the pages in thankfulness and scream &#34;THANK GOD!&#34; out my apartment window that I wasn't reading another POS pumped and packaged to us by a publishing industry that has thumbed its nose at good writing decades ago.The writing simply is a silken spider web of brilliant flow and intersections. You will cheer each character who comes to life in your mind and also want to beat them to death with a rubber mallet. The interchange of stories from his & her perspectives is just &#60;Explicative&#62; great!This book captivated my attention so heartily, I wanted to take it out for drinks, buy it dinner, sneak it into the movie theater, and yes...sleep with it. Except you won't be getting any sleep, because you won't be disappointed! (Except maybe with the typical ending that wasn't written by GOD or Shakespeare himself. Sorry perfectionists, go rub some hand sanitizer on your hands and feel better).
This is the first book by Gillain Flynn that I've read. I am not going to rehash the whole story, because other reviews do that as well as a description on the main page. I really enjoy the writing style, it's written from a `his' and `hers' point of view. It seesaws back and forth between the two, giving us glimpses into both their thoughts.  There are roadblocks and new ingredients thrown into the mix in almost every chapter, so it's very hard to put down. I read it all in the last 36 hours, sacrificing some sleep last night to finish it. While the book was intense and unique, I was disappointed with the ending. I think it could've played out a little better. Aside from the writing was engaging and the story addicting, a great psychological thriller. I indented to check out some other books by this author.
Great story. I had no idea what would happen next as all was making sense - but then realised I was only 50% through the story. Nothing too suspenseful though - still semi-lighthearted.
I gave this book 2 stars because it was a rollicking potboiler.  The kind of book you madly read, then throw away once finished, and immediately forget.  The characters were all seriously flawed.  As someone with psychological training, I was amazed and a bit concerned at how accurately the author was able to depict all the characteristics of borderline personality disorder in Amy.  I kept reading and kept hoping that something meaningful would come out of the book.  But nothing did.  And the ending was just such a big cop out that I was appalled this book got such high praise.  It is definitely not literature.  It is also not even well written.  But it must have been superbly marketed. A film of the book coming out in 2014 attests to that.  I must say that I read it out of curiosity.  So the marketing hype definitely worked.  That was all that did work though.  Don't waste your time or money on this one please.
Everyone I spoke to told me the same thing but I had to read it to believe it and understand what they meant. There are many directions the author could have taken the storyline and I personally do not have an appreciation for where she chose to.
I read this book two months ago. I am really glad I checked it out of the library instead of purchasing it. It definitely had its moments. There were parts that were really exciting and interesting. The problem is, I despise both of the main characters, Amy and Nick. Amy is an evil genius (which I won't say too much about as to avoid spoilers) and Nick is, well Nick is a word that I don't really like to use. It's kind of difficult to really get attached to a story that makes you want to punch both of the characters in the face repeatedly. The character that I actually did like was Nick's sister, Go (Margo). She is actually the sane one in this family and is very likable.Like the synopsis said, Amy turns up missing on her and Nick's anniversary (Ironic, right?). Nick isn't as distraught as you would expect most husbands to be and so of course that makes him the prime suspect. It's really hard to write a complete review without giving away the plot twist and very strange and ridiculous ending. (I seriously was like what the.... at the end because it was so ridiculous.) I'll just say that the plot twist is REALLY well thought out and that made the book a little better.I just can't recommend this book. There is an extreme amount of profanity to the point where it's just distracting from the plot. This whole thing really made me just want to slam my head against the wall, strangle the two MCs, and throw the book (well, my Kindle) across the room and scream in agony. I didn't totally hate the book (as much as it sounds like I did), but it was just so out there in some points.The movie version is coming out in October, so my recommendation is if this synopsis interests you, skip the book and check out the movie because the trailer actually does look pretty good. (I know it's kind of sacrilege to say a movie is better than the book, but I think it may be in this case) Will I see it? Probably. More than likely, though, I'll skip it on the big screen and rent it on Netflix later on. If all of Gillian Flynn's books are written like "Gone Girl" was written, I'll more than likely pass on anything else she has written or will write in the future.
This story was referred to me by a friend.  Once I began, I was hooked, I enjoyed this story from beginning to end,
Told in alternating chapters from the viewpoints of the two main characters, and alternating chapters between (at first) past and present and (then later), between present and present gave this book an unusual structure that was well-suited to the tale told. I love the puzzle pieces inexorably assembled and cunningly revealed. This book got me hooked from the first and never let go. Buy it!
As a fan of Gillian Flynn's other books, I was really looking forward to this one--only to be horribly disappointed after I finished it.  Flynn is a very talented writer; her dialogue sounds natural, she has a unique way with words, and she really gets into the heads of the hip 30-something generation. I thought her first novel, Sharp Objects, was one of the best mysteries I've read in years. Her second book, Dark Places, wasn't quite as good but it was still enjoyable. Gone Girl, however, just stinks in every way a book can stink.  I only gave it two stars instead of one because I enjoy her writing style so much.The book has many problems.  First, it's way too long.  Shame on the editor who didn't cut out 50 to 75 pages of fluff (detailed descriptions of characters who disappear after a few chapters and have nothing to do with the plot, entire scenes that have nothing to do with the plot, long internal monologues that have nothing to do with the plot).Second, the book does not have multiple plot twists as other reviews have stated.  It has one plot twist, which takes place in the middle of the book as opposed to the end of the book. This is not a who-dunnit mystery.  We find out "who-dunnit" halfway through the book, and from that point on there is no mystery to solve.Third, nearly every character in this book is unlikeable.  There is no one to root for or sympathize with.  Every person is annoying, mean-spirited, insane, or a combination of the three.Fourth, the ending was absolutely terrible.  There actually is no "ending," the book just stops in mid-plot as if Flynn had no idea how to end it.Unfortunately, it looks like Flynn's first book will always be her best.  I hope she gets back on track eventually, but I won't hold my breath.
Your emotions will be taken on a roller coaster between characters as the story unravels.  Brilliantly written with craft.  Keeps you interested and enthralled and wanting to read more and more.  By far Gillian Flynn's best novel.  The main characters, especially Amy, are interesting, crazy and witty.  You never know what is going to happen and when it reveals itself, you are delighted with how crafty the two characters can be!
Quick recap: On their fifth anniversary, Amy Dunne goes missing, and her husband, Nick, is the prime suspect.GONE GIRL was a pretty darn good summer read! The novel is split into three sections: the set up, the twist, the pay off. As far as I'm concerned, the first section is by far the strongest of the novel. Without giving too much away (I try not to spoil), it gives the reader a chance to meet Nick and Amy... sort of..., but we see them as voyeurs, as the police and outside observers would see them. The case against Nick builds page by page, block by block. In this section, we also come to know that both characters are unreliable narrators--Nick goes back to tell us things he 'forgot', while Amy's journal also holds er own confessions of unreliability when she tells us she 'might have exaggerated' or 'forgot' things. In a journal? Who lies in a journal and then admits it to themself? Amy, apparently.The second section deconstructs the first section, and gives us another angle of view entirely. Up until this point, GONE GIRL reminded me strongly of Scott Turow's PRESUMED INNOCENT (in tone, not particulars), and I can't help but think that it could have been well served thematically to retain that perspective until closer to the end. Still, this section is interesting.Where the book falls a little is toward the end of the third section, when a series of Scooby-Doo 'twists' happen. They strain incredulity, and I found myself eye rolling a couple of times. Flynn finishes a stronger than I expected, though, with a final chilling line that left me wondering.This is a fun book. It retains some of Turow's phrasing and pacing, which works beautifully for this novel. It fumbles a bit near the end, but recovers and finishes well. Overall, it is much stronger than SHARP OBJECTS, Flynn's last novel; I like to see growth in an author, so I liked that. Definitely a re-readable book!
This started off with an annoying narrative style. Especially the diary entries, which read like a Sex & the City script. But once you find out what's REALLY going on, holy crap! And the twists keep coming and the conniving and back-stabbing never stops and it's truly awesome. Other reviewers didn't seem to care for the ending because it was "unrealistic" but a realistic ending would have been a predictable one and who the heck wants that? Great read.
I very much enjoyed this book. I am becoming an avid reader and this was one of my favorites lately. I wasn't a big fan of the back and forth writing style, but after I got used to it and got into the book I started to really enjoy it. I think the twists make the book very enjoyable for everyone to read and I like how she has a way of making everyone react the same way throughout the book. I am looking forward to reading more of her books. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes suspense, mystery, with a little bit of romance hidden throughout.
Awesome book!  The storyline kept me on the edge of my seat the entire read. The minute you think you have figured it out, that theory is blown away.
I wish I had read more of the one star reviews before I wasted my money on this book.  The first part of it sounds like a teenage diary, except the female character is in her 30's. The middle started to pick up, and then started to be beyond belief.  The ending made me feel like I needed to take a shower for some reason.  It was awful, and makes me wonder about this author in several ways, none of them very good.
First, let me say Ms. Flynn is an excellent writer.  Having said that, it felt tedious to get through, as though she was putting filler in for no apparent reason.  As I got to the end it picked up an exciting, frenetic pace, and I could not put it down until I finished it.  The ending was so unsatisfying, I was angry that I had wasted my time with this book at all.  The only reason I kept reading it was because people asked me what I thought about it.  Now, I can tell them.
I would have given this book 5 stars if not for the fact that I started it several months ago and put it down to read something else.  However, once I picked it up again, I couldn't put it down.  So many different plot twists I stayed up all night to finish it.  Unlike anything I've read before!  I recommended Gone Girl to my bookclub for this months selection, so I am anxious to see if they enjoyed it as much as I.
I thought the writing was well executed.  It bogged down a little for me in the middle of the story, but picked up when I realized that the predictable ending I was expecting wasn't going to happen.  I liked the way the author built her plot by going back and forth between the diary of the "supposed" victim and the thinking of the "supposed" guilty husband.  It was a good read and worth my while.  I also liked the psychological development of the main characters.
Afrer reading this crazy book in an amazingly short time, I was angry when I got to the last page.  I couldn't believe the author chose that ending!  This book is truly about more than one psychotic person, but I had to continue reading to find  out what happened next.  The characters are well developed, and the story line keeps you guessing.  I have to give it 4 stars because of the ending.
Gillian Flynn has a brilliant mind. This book is complex and original. I was surprised at every turn. If you have an issue about a writing device used in part one, keep reading, because the problem you are having is resolved in part two.Flynn always amazes me with her descriptions, finding ways to characterize people, places, and events that the average person would never, ever think of. She is a master with words.My only criticism of this book is that I felt the ending went on too long. Seems like it could have ended after the major plot line was resolved-with some unresolved issues to be sure, but still finished. I didn't feel the wrap up of the two main characters was needed.
Hated the ending.
I started out liking these characters, then I didn't like him, and then I didn't like her.  So why did I keep reading?  Well, Ms. Flynn is a great story teller and I kept being drawn in to find out what happens next, and for that reason I gave this book three stars. But my time would have been better spent quitting in the middle and reading something else.
This was one of the worst books I have ever read. It is sick and twisted. I paid nearly nine dollars for this book and it was recommended by a friend which is why I trudged through the entire story. I kept thinking it might get better, unfortunately it never did.
I loved this book.  It did not end up as I thought it would. I would have liked a better outcome, but alas, that is what makes it a good thriller.
Love the alternating chapters and was kept entertained until the end of this book.  Good evil charactor development and well worth reading.
The first half of this book was a five-star effort for me. I really couldn't put it down and I read it late into the night because, unlike many other thrillers, it wasn't obvious which way it was going to go. It was so interesting the way the financial crisis was reflected in Nick and Amy's personal downfall. When the mystery about what really happened to Amy is solved in the second part of the book it lost a little bit of momentum but it was still a very good read. The way the author made me completely change my perspective and sympathies towards the main characters was brilliantly done. As it continued though I started to see a few holes. It's hard to talk about this book without giving away plot details so if you haven't read it before please stop reading now.I couldn't buy the fact that a girl like Amy would ever come up with a plan that involved her own suicide, no matter how desperately she wanted revenge on Nick. All she really had to do was leave Nick and reclaim the bar to destroy his life. Someone that narcissistic and ego-driven would not even contemplate killing herself in my opinion, because in her eyes it would be the ultimate defeat. I had real trouble buying this aspect of the story and it got worse.Amy turned into a caricature rather than a real person and the book changed from a gritty, realistic thriller to something much less interesting. Why did Amy have to be such an over-the-top sociopath who somehow managed to hide this from her husband and everyone else except her victims for so long? Why did Desi have to be such a complete weirdo who  decorated his lake house for her despite the fact that he hadn't seen her in twenty years? It would have been very easy to portray both these characters more realistically, and in taking this direction much of the tension was lost for me.I appreciate the way the author portrayed the media frenzy that takes place around the disappearances/murder of attractive, rich, white women, but it all started to feel very rushed as it reached its conclusion, and the ending was truly disappointing. It's a shame because I thought I was going to love this book so much, but it was worth reading for the enjoyment I got out of the fist two thirds at least.
I had heard good reviews of Gone Girl, and so was anxious to read it.  In the beginning, however, I found it difficult to really get interested in the book. However, because of the good reviews I kept trying. Finally, it did grab my interest, and I was anxious to read further. Unfortunately, I found the conclusion to be a tremendous letdown. It's almost as if the author got tired of writing and just stopped. Frankly, I found the book to be a big let down.
I really enjoyed the book with all of it's twists and turns.  The ending surprised me.  I usually like a story line where there is a resolution for justice that's why I only gave it four stars.  It had nothing to do with the overall plot.  I would recommend it to others.
My daughter kept telling me I needed to read this book. I'm glad I did.  It kept you interested and wondering what was going to happen next.
I started this book over a month ago and it started out so slow, that I read 2 other books before returning to it.  The plot finally sped up.  The concept of a psycho wife framing her unfaithful hubby is blase.  I felt like it was part Twilight Zone & you've got to be kidding.  It was okay but as a bestseller, I wasn't dazzled like I expected.
...and i am a tough customer!  This is an excellent, well written novel that keeps you turning the pages late into the night.  Refreshing!  I look forward to more Flynn books!
I do not usually write reviews for anything but a couple chapters into this book I knew it was going to be one of my favorites and I would have to share it with the Amazon world! First off, I enjoyed the writer's humor and sarcasm. The two main characters, Nick and Amy, are very real and easy to relate to. I enjoyed how the book goes back and forth between Amy's journal entries and Nick's present day. For me, the best experience about the book were the sudden twists you absolutely will not see coming. You never have an obvious good guy and bad guy, as both characters you will learn to love and hate. This story, at it's core, is a real look into the complicated and multi-faceted nature of marriage. The only reason I did not give this book a rating of five was because I felt the ending was a bit anti-climactic. Still, an amazing read. I can't wait to read the author's two other books!
I may be late to reading this, but it was a great book! I read it very quickly because I hooked! The story had great twist and turns, both in the plot, and your connection to the characters. I found myself liking, hating, sympathizing, and cheering for each character at different times.
I'd been avoiding this best seller because I didn't like the story summaries I had been reading. However, I was going away for a few days and thought I'd see what all the positive reviews were about with a quick read.I gave up one third of the way into it out of boredom. The  story and characters are flat, monotonous, and just plain unreal (please, my parents wrote children's books about me...in what world). Anyone living in the world of Nick and Amy would have slapped them early on, purely out of sheer weariness of their constant whining and weirdness.If you are looking to be morbidly depressed and bored out of your mind this book is for you. If you like to be stimulated, avoid this one. It worries me that so many readers found it so intriguing.
I envy those of you who haven't yet had the fun of reading this wonderfully entertaining and original novel."Gone Girl" is the kind of book that compels you to read even when you DON'T have time.  If you appreciate skillful writing, it will hook you like an addiction.  You will resent distractions, ignore the phone, postpone making dinner in order to stay with it.  It's that much fun to read, I promise.Warning:  it is not for the reader easily put off by the dark side of human nature, or sinister characters, or vulgar language.***SPOILERS about the endingI am adding a few thoughts to my original review since I want to defend Gillian Flynn's choice of endings for "Gone Girl."  The complaints about it, and the one-star reviewers who "LOVE the book up until the ending," make me want to rush to its defense, since I think it is so chilling and so appropriate for what has come before.There is a reason, even more powerful than the baby, that Nick remains with Amy.  He NEEDS her, as perverse as that may be (and I agree that it IS perverse). He loves who he is when he is with her!  She controls him and he ultimately complies because she makes him feel like the man he WANTS to be:  Cool Nick.To me, the beauty of the ending is that it IS open-ended and subject to conjecture.  It makes perfect and brilliant sense.  The author doesn't stoop to a Hollywood "tie it up in a neat little knot" conclusion; what she has chosen to do is far, far more sophisticated.  The evil and horror are still out there, going on and on in an ultimate deception. The novel purposefully leaves questions unanswered so that the reader must THINK about it and wonder:  What will ultimately happen to Nick and Amy and their baby?  Is Nick buying time because of the new life coming?  Will he change and do the right thing? Or is he so needful of the artificial roles they are playing that he cannot escape?There are many possibilities. This conclusion steps the novel up to a new level of horror, and I love it this way.What a complex and horrific commentary on the choices people might make in toxic relationships. There are levels of depth here that transcend the ordinary thriller.This chilling, Hitchcock-like noirish ending has many precedents in great literature.  Off the top of my head I can think of several other wonderful novels with ambiguous endings.  "The Sense of an Ending," (by Julian Barnes), winner of the 2011 Man Booker prize, will keep you wondering about its conclusion for a long time.-"Gone with the Wind" - remember "Tomorrow is another day"?  But what about Rhett and Scarlett ?!?-"Atonement" has a mind-blowing ending which negates much of what comes before - but it is extraordinarily beautiful.-"Rosemary's Baby," which sold over 4 million copies - talk about a chililng ending where nothing is resolved, but the evil is just beginning!-"The French Lieutenant's Woman" by John Fowles - on Time Magazine's list of the 100 best novels of the century.  It has THREE endings, and the reader is left to  choose!  Would today's readers accept that or would they nail Fowles with nasty reviews?Then there is the hugely popular (and Oscar nominated) movie "Body Heat," in which Kathleen Turner gets away with all that Amy does, and more....and the only resolution is that she's shown in the last frame sipping a drink on a tropical beach.  Really terrific movie!I've only scratched the surface, but I think it's pretty safe to say that many great works of literature and film could not claim to have a tidy resolution in the end. I personally love a book that makes me think...I love ambiguity because it shows the author respects the reader and counts on him to use his intellect to ponder the situation at the novel's conclusion. I think "Gone Girl" is just that kind of clever, intelligent challenge of a book.  It is original and thought-provoking, a plot-twisting ride by a marvelously skilled writer.
I love this book.  I listened to it on audio and just had to get it for my SIL.  Of course, when I found out she had already read it, I gave it to a friend.  My SIL loved it, my friend loved it.  Great read.
This book absolutely had me HOOKED from the very beginning, but the ending sort of surprised me in that it was too 'nice' compared to the rest of the book. I fully anticipated absolute revenge, but instead, it was 'nice' compared to the rest of the book. I'm not disappointed in the book overall, because the way the story unfolds and the way that Flynn depicts Amy as a crazy woman is amazing! But the ending sort of disappointed me.
Great writing. Details are so perfect.  Characters are so well defined...you clearly get to choose sides, and then you doubt your choice! Loved it!
Just when you think you've figured it out, what you think is only a fragment of what's actually going on. Great read and definitely a book that stays with you. Hopefully the movie will do it justice.
I haven't finished reading yet.It is a little confusing for me (my lack of understanding), but I will finish reading and give my final view.
This is a page turner with lots of twists and turns.  It's also very well written.  Go for it.  You won't be sorry.
I loved Gone Girl not only for the terrific writing style of Flynn but how she manages to make the main characters as unlikable, me-first, naval gazing bi-peds. It is a wonderful mystery, and how Flynn pulls this off is nothing short of amazing. She breaks a wall of the mystery-thriller by making the main characters unlikable. It is quite a feat for this genre, when we always have someone to root for.I'm starting Sharp Objects and can't wait to see where she takes me.
I have read all 3 of Ms. Flynn's books. I don't enjoy her characters. The story lines are interesting. I don't want to read her story- so I skip to the end. I really don't think I missed anything. If she does write another book... I am not reading it.
Parts of book really can keep the reader interested. Some of the storyline goes beyond being believable. Hated the ending and made me upset that I read the book in the first place!
I really liked the book but the ending..... not so much! Maybe there will be a second book to further explain things.
'Gone Girl' has one of the cleverer plots and story lines for mystery fans. The reader is given no clue how the story will evolve, leading to surprise after surprise. We are exposed to each of the main characters's point of view on their relationship, wondering who is the protagonist and who is the antagonist. The denouement leaves the reader anticipating a sequel, as the characters become persons of interest with a potential for future surprises. The dialogue is sprinkled with vulgarities, but they are appropriate for the characters and the situations they experience.D K Elliott, Author, The Canyon Caper
Despite the ending, it is still worth reading. This is a gripping plot, and the characters are well developed. I was intrigued and could not put this book down until the end. Nonetheless, as many reviewers commented, the ending was somewhat a disappointment. Yet, I might have been expecting too much of a neatly tied up ending and completely missed a realistic conclusive point.Recommended with 4+ stars, but not quite 5 stars.
I was bored with it and did not enjoy it the way I hoped to. They built the book up to be something it's not
Gone Girl is a portrait of marriage that will leave your jaw on the floor. It is the story of Nick and Amy, a couple who appears as stylish and compatible as Ken and Barbie on the surface. Amy goes missing on the day of their fifth wedding anniversary and what follows is a compulsively readable account of the search as doubt ramps up regarding Nick's innocence as well as a few supporting characters to keep things even more unpredictable.Part 1 lays the foundation of the novel. Nick is a handsome confident journalist born in Missouri. Amy is a writer, the stunningly beautiful cherished only child of two New York psychologists who make a hit children's book series about her. Their marriage is a worst case scenario of what occurs when two people nurse grievances and resentments over the years. Gillian Flynn expertly tugs on the common bad themes in marriage to draw the reader in. You will see glimpses of yourself in this novel and of your spouse. You will sympathize or shake your head in horror over each bad choice that Nick and Amy make--and maybe even shudder because of some of the uglier arguments you've had with your own spouse and feel thankful that they never escalated in such a manner.The author masterminds some impressive psychological and plotline-related gymnastics as she leads you through an impressive journey through the investigation of Amy's disappearance. Part 2 sheds new light on what happened to Amy. Then part 3 wraps it all up in a lengthy epilogue of sorts. I can't write a review on a novel this involved without being a little vague, but it is the most spine-tingling portrait of a sociopath I have ever read. You think constantly while reading this novel "BUT no one could possibly be this bad". However, if you've devoted yourself to a service career like healthcare or law enforcement, you probably have met people this damaged or maybe the hairs all stood up on the back of your neck when you were around them because intuition just told you even if you could never prove it.I gave the novel a solid 4 stars. I'm not going to lament the ending here as in many reviews I have read. The ending was as appropriate as any the author could have dreamed up. I was simply let down because I wanted a different end for the perpetrator. I expected a final detonation on this firecracker of a novel and instead I got the sensational the story was only beginning with increasingly tighter screws.There are adult themes such as violence, coarse language, and sex in the novel. It is compulsively readable. I read it continuously for two days. It was guiltily satisfying. Remember the Michael Douglas movie, War of the Roses? I like to think of Gone Girl as the War of the Roses for my generation.
All I can say is.....OMG!! I loved this book. The plot twists and turns were amazing. I could not stop reading.Amy is good....Nick is bad.....Nick is good.....Amy is bad....The narrative from both points of view kept me guessing for half of the book.
Gone Girl is a mystery and it also analyzes marriage.Why do couples separate and why do they stay together. Gillian Flynn has created two unusual characters and explores motives. I enjoyed the book because the reader  could not guess how it would be resolved.
So suspenseful and thrilling. A great tale from end to end and so many twists and turns. Loved it and couldn't put it down!
One of the best books I had read in a very long time.  After reading this one, I searched for more by Gillian Flynn.
5 stars. Simply put: this was a page turner. Just when you are a certain you've figured it out... you realize you haven't... and a new thrilling puzzle presents itself.
I was completely mesmerized by this book.  The twists and turns created by the author  deserve high praise indeed...but as I saw in a brief review it is as if the author did not know how to end the book...so she just stopped writing.  I would definitely recommend this book and possibly someone else might be happy with the ending.
Loved this story, great writer, very interesting and not at all what I expected.  Good storyline, wonderful characters and I was sad when it ended.
I have not read a book this well written in a very long time.  The characters were bizarre and yet utterly believable.  You cannot help caring about both of them.The problem with acting the "cool girl" is it is unsustainable!  Her anger/insanity is brilliantly conceived and conveyed.Will definitely read another of her books.
I was disappointed by the ending. It didn't make sense to end the book this way - this never would have happened.
Written in an interesting format but the ending was a surprise in that it was so unbelievable
The book started out fine, but the further and further into it I got, the less believable I found it. And I hated the ending (won't give it away here). Overall, a disappointment. I liked Sharp Objects a lot, and expected more here.
I just DO NOT LIKE IT.  Too stupid.  It could have been SO MUCH better.  I liked her other books.
Gillian Flynn knows how to tell a story. Her characterizations are outstanding, which is why I ordered another of her books. She begins with two points of view, both of which show us likable people. The story unfolds, and the reader begins to like one a bit more than the other. Then the pendulum swings, and we don't know who to believe. At the end, Gone Girl left me totally satisfied with the story, the writing (which I did not constantly edit), and the outcome.
Loved the book in anticipation of an equally great ending that never happened---disappointing ending should possibly bring this 3-stars down more
It dragged a bit but it was a good story.  I generally prefer to feel good after I read a book so the ending was irritating.  Others will like the twist.
I enjoyed this book immensely.  I got a LITTLE confused as to who was saying what.  I also thought, while reading this book, it would be good if authors put a character identification at the beginning of each book.  It is hard to keep up, sometimes, as to who is who, and what their role is in the book.
Felt that I was deceived when about 40% through, it was revealed that the husband was a cheater...put the book down and picked it up a week later only to discover that the wife made his actions seem almost charitable.  It was a tremendously good read.  The ending was a bit milquetoast, and almost as if they were preparing their readers for the sequel.
Excellent read.  I had trouble putting this book down.  Very entertaining.  I wish I could find more books like this.
This was a truly fascinating book. The reader knows from the start that there has to be a twist, but I was not prepared for the outcome. I had to keep reading until I finished the book because I had to know how it ended. It has a very unusual ending. Loved it!
Not the kind of book I usually read, but highly recommended. Unexpected twists right up to the unbelievably surprising end.. Sould be made into a movie
For those of you who love swimming in acid this is the book for you.  Flynn is a gifted writer whose prose is seamless with a truly creative ability to plot an unexpected story line.  The problem for me is that the characters are vile and warped, and their fate of absolutely no interest other than the faint satisfaction that would come if they both died.  This author claims to "love her characters" no matter how warped.  Good for her, and anyone else who likes to investigate mental illness.  Not for me and I will never again read one of her books.
I liked Gone Girl very much! So sad I am done with it!!  ;( I will by more books by Gillian Flynn!
It's one of those books you have to keep reading until you finish even if it takes all night. That said it was a little predictable.
Well written. Interesting presentation. Dark subject though. A little scary when you realize how easy it is to be duped.
Flynn does a good job of keeping your attention from the very beginning.Her writing style is easy to follow...even though the story is told by two different perspectives. I have to admit that I had a difficult time putting the book down. Even so, I felt the ending was not up to par with the rest of the book.
I love a book with twists and turns and this is the best!  I loved this book.  I talked my book group into it (finally).  They liked it but not as much as I did!
It was very intriging.  The writing style unique, and it kept my interest until the end. Lots of twists and turns.
Very exciting story line but drags out a bit.......Could have been told in fewer pages with more complicated personality conflicts..
Just can't bring myself to read more than a few pages at a time and have lost interest in Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn.
I found gone girl very very slow. It took almost half way through the book before anything happened. I knew she set it up her disappearance. I found the book boring and predictable.
Gone Girl is a page turner.  Well written, no cliches, a roller coaster ride depicting a marriage with the deft strokes of a Hitchcock movie...New York City's upper Westside,the intelectual snobbery, nthe courtship, the marriage all just a warm up act till the actual wife goes missing......This book is not a literary masterpiece bit for entertainment is is...the perfect ironic suspense tale to curl ip with and escape into another world.
Just when you thought you knew what it would happen, you were surprised. A good read.i liked the diary format.
The plot started out in one direction, then did an about-face.  The book is well-written, kept my interest, and kept me guessing.  I hated to put it down.  Definitely recommend!
this book has a bit of everything. Suspense, romance, psychology. She is an amazing writer in both he female and male voice. It is not really a chic novel. I know who have read it and really enjoyed it. Can't wait to read Sharp Objects.
It ended as it must; no way around that. I liked the &#34;He says, she says&#34; aspect of it. I didn't throw it across the room like I did &#34;The Collector&#34;
I would have preferred a better ending. I will read another of her books, like her style of writing. Thx
I was in suspense the entire book. Each time I thought I knew where it was going, I was wrong and caught surprised. It was hard to know whether to sympathize with the main character or be glad that he was being treated this way. The ending was unexpected and I have continually pondered it.
This was not  a book I would ever read again or recommend. I found it  painful to switch back and forth from person to person and it. Was childishly predictable
loved this book and the two main characters so strong and you want to keep reading to see what the outcome will be as their relationship is so strange.A very well written book with a brilliant ending (not predictable)Highly recommend this book and will look for more of her books in the future.
I loved this book so much! Her characters are so real, and the main female character was a diabolical mess!
Finished &#34;Gone Girl&#34; by Gillian Flynn. An excellent read. How can two people get so f***ed up??? Don't want to give anything away, but these two are sick, sick, sick. Good writing, well developed story. Bizarre twisted ending.
Thought it started out a little slow but soon became engrossing! Couldn't put it down! Read it in two days to the detriment of everything else I was supposed to be doing! Well written and full of twists, turns and surprises!
This is a timebound novel, belong to the young adult preoccupation with self, sex, and money.  I finished it because it was so popular and so long on the best seller list.  If you are of the 20-35 generation without family and quasi-married, it will appeal.  I did not find it of any literary meril.
At first it seemed like the book was a little slow and not much happening, but several chapters later I couldn't hardly put the book down. It kept me guessing at every turn and was very exciting. I guess the downside was the ending---did I miss something !! It left the reader hanging(or it least it did me)It was very suspenseful reading other then for the end.
This was one book that I simply could not put down! I was intrigued by getting both sides of the story in an. Interesting way.
I can see why they made a movie of this book but I did not like the people in the book so I had no one to root for.  They were all screwed up.
Fantastic read.  Could not put it.down.  A great delivery of a deep and complex story.  Wish there were more to read because I. Kept thinking there would be more.to.come when it ended so.abruptly.
Loved, loved this book; right up to the last page which sorta let me down - but really, a good book all the way thru.  You just don't know a situation even when you know a situation.
I got this book because of all the great reviews and everyone gushing over it.  I should have known - I rarely like anything the critics like.  I HATED the ending.  Just okay, but not worth all the praise in my opinion.
A good read.  Started off a little slow, but soon I couldn't put it down!  At one point, I got to a new chapter and actually gasped at the first few words!  After that it was a race to finish.  Though there were few predictable things, there were many twists I did not see coming.  I did enjoy this book.
It was a really good story with all kinds of twists.  The language was awful.  I think you could have written this story and left out all the "F" words and have a much more appealing book for everyone - even her son - to read.  I won't purchase another of her books.
I waited a long time to get this.  The fact that it was on best book lists actually made me want to skip it.  I don't like mysteries that are also &#34;literature&#34;.  A friend read it & swore I'd like it, so I bought it.  It is a good book, with many surprising twists.  I do think it was too wordy, but overall I really enjoyed it.  I really liked the ending, even though a lot of others did not.  I like that it leaves you hanging & I've found myself thinking about it a lot, which I consider high praise.  If you're on the fence & enjoy dateline & 48 hours style shows, this book puts an interesting spin on them.
I'm lazy and everyone knows the plot to this already, right? Wealthy girl and handsome boy meet. They fall in love, marry and live a charmed life in NYC until reality hits them hard and things start unraveling in a really bad way. The wife turns up missing on their fifth wedding anniversary and as the story is revealed in different POV's and flashbacks nothing is what it appears to be on the surface.This story surprised me in a good way with its twists and turns but I have to admit that I had a real love/hate relationship with it. I enjoyed the mystery and I'm nosy so all of the dirty secrets and malicious intentions and devious goings-on kept me reading even though I detested nearly every character in the book. Especially the two main characters. The more I learned about them the less I liked them but I think that was the point of this whole book so I'm okay with that in this case.Anyway, this was a well-crafted book. I can see why it's so popular but I think the less said about it the better. If you like devious twists you should read it to experience them yourself.I listened to this as an unabridged audiobook and both the female and male narrator did a fine job voicing Amy and Nick in all of their narcissist glory.
Do not want to say to much so as not to spoil anything.  I think I know several people like this. SCARY!
Gillian Flynn had proved herself a true force to be reckoned with with her first two novels.  When starting her latest GONE GIRL I expected the same - superb storytelling intelligently written with suspense and thrills galore.  What I didn't expect was for her to exceed her already set high bar into the stratosphere.  This novel is honestly one of the best books I have ever read and I can't remember the last time a novel was such a page turner for me from beginning to end.The story starts with a simple plot.  A wife goes missing, the husband doesn't react as people think he should and becomes the prime suspect.  The story begins being told from the perspective of both the wife Amy and the husband  Nick.  Her story is told through diary entries and his through present day narration.  This novel is very rare for it is a true psychological thriller in true Hitchcock fashion.  All the characters are three dimensional and jump off the page.  The reality of all the situations and the characters makes the story that much more addictive and mezmerizing.  Neither Nick nor Amy are perfect and we find out about them more and more as the story unfolds.  They are flawed people with both positive and nergative traits.Author Gillian Flynn does the amazing here for when writing the story flows in a realistic sense while she drops the red herrings and plot twists that the reader will never see coming.  Everything is part of a story Ms. Flynn obviously understood 100% before starting writing.  The novel is so perfect in its storytelling, character develpopment and true surprises that to write any more about the story and plot itself would honestly totally ruin the experience for readers.  Suffice it to say if you enjoy intelligent thrillers, novels where you honestly don't know what will happen and characters that are so real it becomes as if you know them you must read this novel.  Gillian Flynn writes with intense authority and she guides the reader through the story from beginning to end.  Once you think you know what will happen something totally unexpected occurs instead.  And the magic lies in the fact that there is no plot manipulation here, nothing that the reader will stop and have disbelief over.  When done reading this superb novel it will stay with you for a long time.  You will be in awe of how Ms. Flynn managed to make such an intricately plotted story so believable and thrilling.  This is true psychological suspense at its best.  Cannot recommend this book enough.
really keeps you  hooked as you want to find out what happened and who is actually to blame for the breakdown of this relationship.
The beginning is slow & boring building the background.  Then once she is gone it gets interesting, but only for a while.  This could have been an amazing thriller but the author turned it into a convoluted mess about three quarters of the way through.  By that time I couldn't care less what happened to any of the characters.  I ended up skimming the last several chapters in hopes that it would end in a  thrilling fashion.  Unfortunately, it just drug on and on and then fizzled to the end.  What a waste of my time!
Intriguing exploration of how twisted the human mind can be.  This book was disturbing, entertaining, and frustrating.  Did not like the end.
Okay, this was my third book to read by this author and I think the best. It kept me interested all the way through.
Very intelligent, when i reached half the book, I couldn't stop reading, filled with twists. Interesting approach to story telling, bouncing between two minds.Like --&#62; witty thriller. Dislike --&#62; just a thriller
This book is so clever that she had me surprised until the end.  I totally disagree with reviewers who say that she didn't know how to end it.  She knew exactly how to end it -- she did not go with anything expected. The pacing of the book is fantastic and to get readers absorbed in unlikable characters says a lot about the author's craft.There's so little you can say about this book without giving something away, so I will just say that I write fiction and usually read non-fiction because there are few surprises out there.  This book is a gem. I wish I wrote it and Gillian Flynn has a fan for life.
I did like the suspense, but I didn't particularly like the story being told from each character in their on chapter.  That's just my feeling.  But overall it was a good novel.
I enjoyed the suspense and the surprise ending.  The book was hard to put down and I recommend the book!
This is one of the most cleverly plotted, dark, perverted psychological suspense novels that I&#8217;ve read in many years. The book is well written and the two main characters unforgettable. Yikes, it&#8217;s a crazy page-turning horror-house trip through Abnormal Psychology 101! There&#8217;s a twist at the end that you&#8217;ll either hate or love. Personally, I thought the end was perfectly consistent with all that had gone on before. There were parts of this novel that went too far over the top into territory that I felt was totally unbelievable, even in the realm of the super crazy. But heck, this was a thriller; I went with it (i.e., I stopped analyzing it so much) and found that I was thoroughly entertained. My recommendation: if you&#8217;re typically a fairly analytical person (like I am), check your reality detector at the cover before opening the book...if you do, you should be rewarded with a fiendish good time.
This is a wonderfully entertaining book!  I can't say too much without giving the best parts away. The book always stays several steps ahead of the reader. Great suspense, great surprises.
Great book that captured my attention early on, and heightened it through the middle pages.  Ending was a bit of a let down, as if the author thought of every detail about these characters except how to properly end their journey together.  Very much worth the time, though.
Interestingly, many of the books I've purchased since owning a Kindle either switch between characters chapter-to-chapter or between the Past and Present. I've very much come to enjoy this format. Talk about two needy souls - but to a sick Nth degree. I found the storyline fascinating in that I was driven to find out exactly what the hell happened. Slowly but surely you realize you are dealing with two VERY dysfunctional minds. Early on I was reminded of War of the Roses. As shocked as I was at that movie's ending, I was even more shocked at this story's conclusion - mortified would be a better word to use because it means there will be another one of 'them' being part of the world.
Maybe I expected too much because of all the hype, I didn't hate it but felt that it could have been more. The writing was good, it kept my attention even though looking back on it, there really wasn't much action. All of the characters were whiny, irritating people with no redeeming qualities. I usually give up on books with no characters I like but I did finish this which I guess says something. I would say about the middle third of the book was suspenseful but it took a long time to get started and kind of fizzled out at the end. Many reviews I've read talk about how realistic the characters and relationships are, all I can say is if the people in my life were like these I would be "gone" too.
I read this book based on recommendations of two friends.  I was never able to really believe the characters and thought they were actually 'dumb' characters.  Cannot recommend.
I wanted to give up on this book at first. I didn't like how it went back and forth between present day and the diary, but how quickly everything went nuts! I couldn't put it down and thought all the crazy made it more entertaining.
It's interesting that the reviews on "Gone Girl" are so "split," mostly focusing on the ending, which I thought was well done.  If you're looking for everything tied up in a neat little bow, you may want to pass.  Part of what makes this book so provocative -- one I'm still thinking about some days later -- is that the author doesn't "check all the boxes."The author does a great job of character depiction -- truly we know Amy way too well.  I don't think she writes as well in the male voice (Nick), but she is still quite effective.I recommend this book.  I could not put it down!  Enjoy!
READ THIS BOOK...i am completely blown away by it...after reading about 40 pages i had literal nightmares that were like scenes from the book...it will totally consume and obsess you...i can't get over how diabolical the plot is, especially when you look at the author photo of gillian flynn - who looks like a sweet kindergarten teacher...she obviously has a dark side!!!  i have just ordered her 2 previous books because i love her style of writing and her imagination.  SPOILER AHEAD...this book makes 'the bad seed's' rhoda penmark look like rebecca of sunnybrook farm...there so many twists and turns - i read the book frequently saying out loud - o my god....and wtf????  it is scenes from a marriage of sociopaths...READ THIS BOOK!!!
One of my all time favorites.  The characters are so replete with wit, I found myself laughing loudly.  I couldn't put this one down.
Several "friends" told me to read this book, but were enigmatic as to why. Turns out they were playing a big joke on me. Just like the author was! At the onset I found the concept of this novel intriguing - a suspect condemned by the court of public opinion - there's a lot of this on TV today. But then, when 1/3 of the way through the story, I found that everything the narrator had been telling me was false, I felt tricked, manipulated and insulted. About 50% through the story I regained some interest and decided to finish it, but then toward the end I got bored with all the repetion and annoyed by the way the character, Amy, kept addressing me as "you" as if she knew me. The ending was totally beyond reach, so far-fetched I could not believe it. Sorry, this is a big NO for me.
I heard this was a great book. I was pleasantly surprised when I got hooked in. I did not see it coming...you won't either! I won't give anything away. Suffice it to say I recommend this book to people who like their books just a bit twisted and not what they were expecting.
What this book lacks is character growth.  The style is interesting, with two voices alternating, one if which we learn is false, followed by the true voices of the main characters in part 2. The twist in the middle is a coin flip to figure out; like all mysteries the author simply withholds the information you need to "solve" the mystery. But the very anticlimactic ending is very I satisfying because neither character GROWS. What is the point of investing many hours slogging through a novel if the protagonists remain unchanged from beginning to end? Answer: none. I wish I'd never read this book.Spoiler alert!  So the villain wins, I can live with that. Some of the best books I've read involve the hero making a crucial mistake and paying a heavy price. But this hero, Nick, loses his nerve and then loses it some more.  Near the end he seems to be growing a spine and then it turns to jello. Amy weaves a poisonous web, allows her victim to survive, but traps him forever.  She is evil from beginning to end, he is a coward from beginning to end. Ugh! ONE of them needs to change in some way! Ms. Flynn, I was going to read your other two books but this has out me off for good. And of course the man is spineless and weak...smacks of blatant misandry!Some readers may feel that the revelation of information along the way, such as Amy faking her own disappearance or Nick revealing his affair, represent character growth, but it does not.  No matter what point in the book you choose, both Nick and Amy would react exactly the same way to a plot development.  AS, for that matter, would the investigating cops, Nick's lover, Amy's parents, Nick's sister...everybody.  Nobody learns anything in this book...most of all, the reader!  So sorry I read it.
I understand why this was a Best Seller.  The book captures you from the beginning and doesn't let go.  So many twists and turns, it really engages you as a reader.  I highly recommend this book and look forward to reading more by this author.
Really slow starting, the middle was awesome, edge of my seat, couldn't put it down, ending - ehhh, not so much. Maybe they'll finish it better in the movie.
Gone girl did exactly as the author intended- gave me the creeps, made me lose sleep, and long for a modicum of a happy ending that I knew would never happen.  Intensely well written, my jaws are still clenched.
The storyline was very good. I hated Nick and Amy. I'd say they deserved each other, but I think she was way worse. Read the story and then forget about Nick and Amy. I gave the book four stars because the storyline is so very good, but Nick and Amy were both such worthless characters I had to forget the fifth star. It is still a very good read.
Grabs you in the middle, but what a cheesy ending. I don't get the hype over this book...how many weeks on the best seller list?
I loved this book because the author goes back and forth between the 2 main characters - the husband and the wife. The premise is that the wife is missing and maybe the husband killed her....you find yourself asking that question for quite a long time. I think that thing I liked best about this book is that everyone is for lack of a better word &#34;f'ed up&#34;. There are no perfect characters. This is a great twisting story that keeps you guessing right up until the end. I can see why it was the &#34;it&#34; book of 2011. Def recommend!
I could not put the book down. It is an amazing twisted thriller. The ending will leave you unsatisfied, dumbfounded that someone could get away with something so horrible.  Love it!
Gone Girl was to me a reach of reality. Granted the world has seen many schemes for many reasons, this one did not hold much plausibility throughout from the very beginning to the very end. I imagined the author writing away to find herself in a place where she need think, 'Oh now, what do I move this story on now!' It felt as if she was winging it all the way. The fact that the story ends with these two people are staying together and having a child is sick.  Amy is still a flaming psych-path and he is an unquestioning codependent. Perhaps the main character Amy will follow the path of her writer parents and create shallow books about her own child. There was suspense and the vehicle of the diary and the flashbacks provided a semi-interesting way to slowly reveal the plot.
I've had this book for awhile and started reading it a couple of times but couldn't really get into it.  Finally on a flight from San Fran to Houston, I forced myself to read it and was really enjoying the story and the twists and turns.  I couldn't wait to finish and all I have to say is Wow.  And that's not a good wow.  I was very disappointed in how the book ended.  Let's just say if I were the husband, I sure as heck would not have done what he did.  Lame.
I read this book as a library loan on my kindle.  My husband was very angry at the author when he read it.  She was dishonest in his opinion; holding information back and a few other similar writing "strategies."  I kept reading this book, despite his complaints but had trouble with the story itself.  These people are either stupid or not nice.  The ending was very depressing to me.  I ended up being very angry at the time I wasted slogging through the diary portion of the book.  I felt that I had wasted my time because of the lack of payoff at the end.  I really don't have much of a reason to recommend it.
The polt had many twists but I didn't like how the characters jump around from past to present expecting the reader to be dragged along (unwillingly at times) through the backstory.
I liked the many twists and turns. I especially liked the two different points of view.  One of the best novels that I have read in a long time. Married Man of 45 years who many times has underestimated his wife.
I love this deliciously twisty mystery. Flynn kept me off balance until the very end where she whapped me with an ending I keep ruminating over. Horrifyingly believable.
Amy and Nick's 5the wedding anniversary is now, and all seems happy and well that morning, until Nick comes back home after a neighbor's phone call claiming the front door is open and their cat is setting on the front steps. Nick finds the house in shambles, and signs of a struggle. He calls the police and his nightmare begins. Amy is the "Amazing Amy" from the books her parents have written, and Nick is the "boy-next-door" perfect husband. How could anyone accuse Nick of even hurting his wife? The book goes back and forth with each characters perspective. Two psychotic people in a controlled and manipulated marriage brings a creepy, bizarre, terrifying and page turner book. This is the most brilliant piece of work I have read yet this year. It will no doubt be my favorite 2013 read. I can't wait to read more of her work. Adult situations and language. What an amazing book to read. I just couldn't put it down and get it out of my head for days. 100 stars for me.
He'll hath no fury like a psycho woman scorned. Such a good book. Great twists, kinda saw it coming. It's a little disturbing the lengths this psycho went to, I thought you couldn't make someone love u but according to Amy u can. Bothers me that Nick couldn't get out it's sad, I started off hating him and then feeling sorry for him in the end.
I had high hopes for this book and couldn't put it down but unfortunately the closer I got to the end, the more I disliked it. I hated how it ended. I left feeling utter disappointment.
Unusual writing, however, I felt is was well written and it kept my interest.  Wasn't sure that I liked the ending although I could appreciate it.  Definitely worth reading.
I loved the author's writing style. She knows how to lay on the suspense. I loved the twists as well. However, after being possessed by this novel over a few days, the ending was a huge anticlimax. I thought the last few chapters were way unrealistic. Maybe I missed character traits early on that would explain this. A great read though for those who enjoy thrills. It will get under your skin.
This was another book club pick. It had great reviews and made the grade on all kinds of critic lists. For the record I often disagree with the professional critics and this is no exception. I actively tried to like this piece but in the end - the ending killed it for me.  I think it will make a great thriller/suspense movie. It is currently in production and coming to theaters October 3, 2014.  A wife disappears from home on their fifth wedding anniversary. The husband is suspected of foul play but first they must answer the question &#8220;where is she?&#8221; A little too real for me. It really brings home the fact that you don&#8217;t really know the person living next-door, in the next room, or even in the other side of the bed. Crazy looks normal on the outside and can go unnoticed until it comes out to play.
For people who work in the legal system this would fall into the category of crime sitcoms.  A little bit hard to believe that someone could get away with all that and not be discovered.
I am ashamed to admit that I finished this book instead of putting it down after reading Part I. The plot is interesting, which is why I finished it, but I can't recommend it due to the excessive use of foul language. I've never read a book that came anywhere close to including the number of F-words in this book. There were probably over 100. I realize the guy is angry, but come on! It ruined the book for me.
SUCH a great story.  A thousand plot twists, none of which you see coming.  Written from the point of view of a man and his wife, and I'd swear that a man wrote the man's side, a woman the woman's side. Each character knew things about their gender that I don't think the rest of us were ever aware of.A stunning success of a novel.
I chose this book for my book club, Dinner and a Book and when I started it I began to regret it. Then the twist came and I couldn't put it down. It started slow then 30% into it and it suddenly threw you for a loop.This book would make a great movie.
I like to try out new authors and this time I push this one back.  I'm not interested enough to finish the book.  I don't like the writers style or the story line, not that anyone else would not, it could just be a broad generation gap for me.
This book wasn't what I expected. It kept your interest, but it was a really twisted and super messed up story. It was recommended to me by a friend, but I'm not so sure I'd recommend it to others.
Gone Girl is a New York Times #1 best seller.  I have read only one other book by Gillian Flynn, Dark Places. I enjoyed that book and would say I enjoyed it more than Gone Girl.What I liked: with this novel the reader gets to see the true mastery of a well thought out psychological thriller.  The plot is ingenious and Ms. Flynn superbly keeps you glued to the story with various twists and turns.  The different forms of narrative combine to enhance the distinctive voices of each character.  Looking back on the book you applaud the author's use of plot set-up, detail and finish.  I initially found the first half of the book slow but persevered.What I didn't like:  well it would have to go without saying that I did not like the two protagonists. Written as pathetic, manipulative, selfish, self-centered and psychopathic, there just was no redeeming feature on the two.  Of course given the plot, you would expect to have characters this perverse.  Disliking a main character also sets the tone for credibility.  I found neither Nick nor Amy to be believable characters.  Perhaps Flynn went a little over the top with making them so dysfunctional.Overall I found the plot itself to be unrealistic and had difficulty accepting many of the twists that did occur.As for the ending of the novel, well I hated it, however, I believe that within the context of the story and keeping with the image Flynn was portraying of the protagonists, the ending was appropriate.
Well-written, disturbing but interesting and many twists and turns. A must-read. You will stay up all night to finish it!
Did not enjpy this novel.  Too long , Too drawn out. Too much focus on individuals.  Went almost straight to end
This book started out with such promise. It was witty and made me laugh out loud several times in the first chapters.  The writing is quite good.  Unfortunately, the story went on way too long.  It could have been shortened by about 100 pages.  All the characters were unlikable and very flawed.  The only reason I finished the book was because I had to for my book club.  At the end I was glad it was over and I realized that I hadn't learned a darn thing.  A waste of time in my opinion.
This book is written in an interesting manner with the chapter going back and forth with each chapter. It is well written with many profound meanings of life.  It is full of surprises and psychological conflicts.
This is one of those books where you tell everyone, "This is the best book ever!" and they, "Have to read it!" and, "I'm not one to toss around the word Amazing but really this book is AMAZING" when you are only half way through the book.  Then you stay up late into the night to finish the book.  If you are like me you will read the last page and think, "WTF?" and "Is my book defective and I didn't get the last chapter?" or "Is that really the end?  REALLY? Because now I hate this book and wish I hadn't recommended it to anyone."I won't get into the plot or give spoilers because the other 8000+ reviews do that very well.  I will just say that the book starts out "amazing" and ends in "ugh, really?"  I'm still mad about the ending.  Damn.
I really enjoyed this book.  I normally don't read these types of books and passed this one by for a long time. I'm glad I decided to read it.
Initially, i was not to sure about the storyline in the first couple chapters but when tone of the book changed i was thrilled. This book is an addictive game of vicious cat and mouse. You sit back and hope your marriage could never be this nuclear. I totally recommend this book, especially to newlyweds...
I could not wait for this book to come out.  I do not know why.  I could not get into this book.  Maybe it was me but I just couldn't.  AND because of all the stars I did a bad thing and read the last two chapters.  All I can say is, I guess I'm not a fan of Gillian Flynn.  I tried to read one of her other books before this one came out and neither grabbed me.  I'm too old and there are too many good books that if they can't grab me by 25% through the book...I stop.  It wasn't for me. Maybe something happened between the 25% and the end that has everyone cheering but I wouldn't bother.
*Note: No outright spoilers but there are vague references to the book's outcome that could be deciphered. My suggestion if you want to be completely surprised, read this review after finishing the book.Thank God it happened! My faith in the common novel has finally been restored after reading a string of bad to mediocre disappointments. Gillian Flynn has written a novel that kept me engaged and on the edge of my seat. I literally devoured this book in a few sittings. Gone Girl is definitely hype worthy.Nick Dunne wakes up on his 5-year anniversary to his beautiful wife Amy making him a celebratory breakfast. Soon after, Amy goes missing. As the clues are racked up, the world is left to wonder, did Nick kill his wife and if so, why? The motives for murder are introduced rapidly. It's apparent that Nick had plenty of reasons to want Amy dead. Still, with no recovered body, it is impossible to know one hundred percent. As sympathy for Nick with the media as well as those closest to him waxes and wanes depending on the spin dejour, he embarks on an all out quest to clear his name and prove to all that he did not kill his wife in spite of all the evidence mounting against him.Flynn delves deep into the psyche of this particularly troubled yet relatively short marriage. The book is divided into three distinct parts and we learn in the first that both Amy and Nick have lost their trendy NYC writing jobs. Amy, who had a substantial trust courtesy of her parents collaborative and very successful children's book series based on their only daughter, is essentially broke by the time she and Nick move back to his childhood home of Missouri to care for his terminally ill mother and oversee care for his Alzheimer's inflicted father. Things between Nick and Amy begin to unravel pretty quickly from this point. Alternating back and forth chapters between Nick and Amy, with Amy being revealed through a hidden diary she has been writing for several years, the story paces quickly with page turning revelations.One of the things that make this story so engaging is Flynn's attention to detail. She leaves no stone unturned which can be extremely difficult to pull off. There were in the end no "what about", questions that came up, at least not for me. This made for a very satisfying book which is tantamount to the reading experience.Also, there is plenty of food for thought after the story ends. The subject matter of relationships, particularly the marital relationship is scrutinized in such a uniquely deliberate way. There is layer upon layer to peel away which is half the fun. All the fears and insecurities that two people bring to their relationship; many of them unseen up front are put under the microscope and brought blaringly to life. The snowball effect and those points in which the principal characters are no longer in control of the outcome exists in stark juxtaposition to the meticulous and calculating aspects of the story even as those characters fight to regain that control. How quickly it all goes from one extreme to the next is a marvel.Flynn's writing is finely honed and her prose is a joy to read. Consider this delightful line on pg. 180 (HC), "A plant on the mantel promptly lost five pretty purple leaves." This line worked so well within the context it was written and what I loved most is that any triteness was relieved by the use of the word "leaves" instead of say "petals". This is what I loved so much about Flynn's writing, the ability to create the right tone through prose while skating negative connotations.Finally, a word about the ending, a number of the reviews I read had a problem with the way the story ended. It wasn't climatic enough, didn't produce a big enough bang, and seemed to drop off into nothing. These were just some of the things I read regarding the book's ending. I feel strongly that it is a mistake to read any review before reading the book, especially if you are the kind of person who would actually let someone's negative review keep you from reading in the first place. If you do however find yourself perusing what people had to say beforehand, please know that not everyone felt cheated by the ending. I liked it, a lot. It was completely appropriate to the story and brilliantly summed up the characters personalities. It added another layer of depth and authentic dimension. In other words, it was nearly perfect. It was a succinct summary of all we should have learned about these characters as well as the lessons we ought to be taking away from the story, lessons aplenty. Let us not forget that getting to know someone is really much harder than it seems however Amy and Nick managed to get to know each other in a short time under extreme conditions of their own creation.In the end, Flynn boils the most salient points down to their most simple level and reminds us of what is truly at the core of a real marriage, one that exists in real time, day in and day out, with only two people really having knowledge of its crucial dynamics. In a nutshell, this book is so much more than the sum of its parts.
The story is far fetched to the point where I was exhausted rolling my eyes. It definitely started out very well but then it went off into never never land. I kept reading hoping that something was going to happen. Nothing happens, absolutely nothing. Then the book ends. I am quite sure I will never read another book by this author.
Loved this book although didn't like the ending. Recommended it to many and everyone agreed with the ending. Good book though.
Gone Girl was recommended to me by the clerk at a local bookstore, who saw me stocking up on Stephen King and Philip K. Dick and vehemently insisted that if I like "those kinds" of novels, I would love this one. She really talked it up -- the intriguing mystery, the sociopath character study, the shocking twists and turns; she even went so far as to call it "the most f___d up book" she had read in a long time. Sold.Listening to her was my first mistake. I had just finished reading King's Misery, one of the books I picked up at the same time (now there's a real sociopath character study), and I couldn't wait to get started on this one. Finishing the book, despite my instincts, was the second mistake. It was then that I accepted that I had been had, both by the clerk and the author. The story goes like this: Nick and Amy Dunne's marriage is on the rocks. From finances to romance, there's trouble everywhere. On the morning of their fifth anniversary, Amy goes missing, and signs point to Nick. As the police and public are closing in, Nick insists he is innocent, but who are we to believe, and look out for that plot twist! and blah... blah... blah.Cliche to be sure, but at the risk of sounding bitter, let me just say that the first part of the novel starts magnificently -- so much so that it's enough to believe, to hope, to pray that you won't be let down. The first part focuses on Nick and the peeling away of his rotten layers as the conflict fully develops. In this first section, the characters are fascinating, the imagery is rich (the taste of bile in Nick's throat, the sun pointing an accusatory ray-finger), and the story is believable. During part one, Flynn succeeds at getting the reader to accept what she wants them to, and it makes for an engrossing start. Thank you, savvy bookstore clerk!And then comes part two. And three. And this is where the entire thing falls apart. The old bait and switcheroo. Reading Gone Girl is akin to watching some blockbuster movie that all your dim-witted neighbors just adored, only to find yourself sitting in the theater feeling completely cheated. By the second half of the book, everything that made the first half great has now grown tired -- the characters and their preposterous actions are more and more banal, the imagery takes a backseat to boring dialogue, and the plot development becomes less believable. It's not a page-turner. It's not gripping to the point that you can't put it down. You only want to finish to just see if you're right, that it will indeed end disappointingly. And despite the hopeful start, Flynn backs herself into a corner and is unable to write herself out, leaving the reader with a ridiculous, predictable, and unsatisfying ending that leaves much to be desired. And believe me, I "get" the ending -- I get the greater comment it's making, I get the absurdity of it all, I get the point, I get that there could be a sequel, I get it; it's just glaringly obvious and terribly boring.So, a great start, moments of clarity, but overall truly disappointing. Typical bestseller rubbish. Like my movie analogy earlier, I have no doubt that there are plenty of bored, obtuse people that will find Gone Girl absolutely thrilling -- I can imagine a number of people in my life who will think this is the greatest drama ever played out on the page -- but then again, people like a lot of stuff. Like monster trucks. Or Applebees.And to think, that same clerk had the audacity to say, "And if you like this -- be sure to check out Dostoyevsky!" Uh, yeah, thanks.
Enjoyed the narrative and especially the manner in which it was written.  But disappointed in the author's resoloution which subjects the schlamazal husband to a life in purgatory while the satanic wife is let off Scot-free.
Read about 3-4 chapters, terrible book.
The ending of the book came too soon.  I didn't feel like I had adequate closure.  The book itself was extremely well written and I had a hard time putting it down but I wanted more after reading the last few lines.
The twists in this novel pop up at unexpected times and take the reader by surprise.  I found it very interesting just when the story was running smoothly along - surprise!
I read this book in 11 days along with going to school full-time and working... it was THAT good! I couldn't put it down. It was suspenseful, articulate, had multiple aspects (marriage, differences between men & women, facade's people put on in varying relationships, etc); it was just a great read. I found myself wondering the outcome several times.I'd definitely recommend this book to anyone!
I enjoyed the writing style, diary like. Both Nick and Amy's personality deficiencies were believable. Amy was totally detached and lacked any empathy. I have meet some self absorbed people like Amy so I found her manipulation believable. To a degree she was created by her parents.The ending was chilling, I have found myself drifting back to the conclusion, Nicks knows!!
Loved this book and have ordered several others from this author. Suggest you do the same. Great reading and well written.
The characters infuriated me, couldn't believe how either treated the other! Not the greatest book I've read but was thrilling enough to keep turning the pages.I am looking forward to the movie for comparison.
It seems to me that the author took the &#34;easy way out&#34; of this novel. I expect a real &#34;twist&#34; at the end that makes the read worthy, this one failed. I am recommending to my reader friends to skip this one, it only disappoints.
I love mysteries, and this one delivered! This is one of my all time favorite books. It is so twisted that you never see what is coming next, especially at the end. It is the most intriguing book I have ever read and would recommend it to anyone who loves a good mystery but is looking for something a little different than a John Grisham novel.
I love all Gillian Flynn's books.  This one was hard to put down.  Hidden intense mental illness on many levels.
I bought this book because it was well rated and then wondered why it was.  I skimmed through the book and know that I won't read this author again.  Perhaps others would like it.
This novel spoke to me in a very personal way, so I was absolutely unable to put it down! An excellent read.
There were times when reading this book that I  had to let the Kindle read to me because my eyes hurt and I couldn't stop reading. It was that good.
My oldest grandson is 14.  He recommended Gone Girl for a great read.  However after a couple of chapters, I began to wonder if there had been a miscommunication.  Not because the book wasn't  interesting, but it was about a married couple who were in the midst of marital strife.  Sure enough, he had not read this book.  Too late, I was already hooked on the odd story before me.  That is how I came to read Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn.What a quirky story this was.  There was definitely a competitive spirit between the husband and the wife and not in a sportsmanship sort of way!  When one had been scorned and disrespected it was up to the other to one up their partner.  The characters in this book were very well written and very believable although they sometimes  sickened me  with how perverse they could be.  That included secondary characters such as Amy's parents Rand and Marybeth Elliot.  The police were portrayed as narrow minded and bungling, although I found Rhonda Boney interesting and redeemable.The book is written in three parts and told from Nick's point of view in one chapter and Amy's point of view or her Diary's point of view in another.  I had one piece of the story figured out, but it took a direction I totally did not expect.  I knew that Amy was crazy and manipulative and I knew that Nick was totally battling against her in an attempt to get the upper hand, but aside from being insane, she was absolutely brilliant.  I thought her self-brilliance might be what her undoing would be.....I'm glad I invested the time in Gone Girl.  It was the most unique book I think I have ever read.  I was tense for Nick throughout and I cheered him on until his capitulation.  I was nerved up as Amy pulled one successful moment after another.  And I was disappointed with Nick's character in the end.  But a successful author makes you feel and I definitely felt a flood of differing emotions throughout this book.It's a long read at 413 pages, but it was worth it
The Missing Wife"Gone Girl" by Gillian Flynn is a very intense book. It keeps you guessing until the very end. It has a little bit of everything in it: romance, mistresses, lies, and deep secrets. I really enjoyed this book. It was a bit long but overall good. It's an easy read and you become engrossed in the book. Although there is adult content and language I could not picture the book without the descriptive scenes. Nick Dunne 34 and his wife Amy Elliott 38 they have been married for five years. Amy is a very successful Author writing her books "Amazing Amy".  Nick is also a writer, but he was laid off after eleven years of being a writer. Soon after Nick lost his job Amy lost her job too. When Nick's parents became ill they moved from New York to Nick's hometown in Missouri. With the stress of losing their job's and moving to a completely other state lines will be crossed and buttons will be pushed. They bring out the worst in each other and on their fifth anniversary Amy goes missing. The police find signs of struggle and blood in Nick and Amy's apartment. As the police try to piece everything together clues are pointing at Nick because he lied about almost everything in the interview, and it makes you wonder what does Nick have to lie about if he wants his wife back. Throughout the book there are a series of journal entries from Amy explaining everything that's going on in her head. Does she still love Nick? Was she unhappy in her marriage did she not want to move and leave her family behind? Over this entire book keeps you on your toes and keeps you wanting to read more.
I'd like to give it more stars! Best book I've read in quite a while! Intriguing twists and turns as the story is told in alternating chapters by husband and wife. One of those that stayed in my mind even when I had to close the book.I've read many reviews that criticize the ending. That worried me - I was afraid that I'd be glued to 400 great pages and the ending would ruin the experience for me. Not so! I found it to be quite the psychological puzzle from beginning to end. I'm recommending it to every reader I know!
Great book. Great book. Excellent writing! I'd read "amazing". But I'd love to kill her, I'd love to strangle her myself. This book is mind twisting. It makes you love one than hate than switch the whole time. It makes you feel like crazy one sometimes. I never get upset in my emotions reading a book, I never feel angry, and a twist of disgust and a sick urge for revenge. I can also say, you'll be thankful for your husband (or wife) after finishing this. No doubt about it.
I have to say this book was good. I didn't really like the ending though. If u like to read mysteries than I would definitely read this book.
wow, totally interesting and surprising, well-written, suspenseful, such a brilliant plot.  I could not put this book down, it was driving my husband crazy!  A must read!!!!
This book came highly recommended and i found it so predictable and boring. i wanted to stop reading after 30 pages, but was encouraged to continue and still felt completely deflated when i finally finished reading. It took me very long to read because i did not enjoy it and in my opinion a never to read again. Has put me off the author too. don't waste your time.
This is a terrific novel. I'm not usually fond of mysteries/suspense, but I love Gone Girl! Just when you think you know the characters, they throw you a curve. You can follow their logic, and they seem quite reasonable till you hear it from the other character's perspective. I can't wait to read the other books by this author (and excerpts are very thoughtfully included at the end of this one.)
Don't get me wrong. Right up to the second-from-last page GONE GIRL by Gillian Flynn is a five-star book, i.e., it deserves the highest rating. Every page of the book builds more and more tension. It really is the best kind of book: unputdownable.But the end: other reviewers have said that it comes as a surprise. True. But I didn't like it. It is as if Flynn couldn't think of an end to the story so just stopped.The book's chapters alternate between Nick and Amy, husband and wife. The first chapter, Nick's chapter, hints of impending doom. But we aren't sure what that doom is.Amy's  chapters in the book's first part are her diary; so we get flashbacks of Nick's and  Amy's  relationship and marriage. Nick's chapters remain in the present. The combination builds tension with every page.After the first part, both Amy's and Nick's chapters are in the present. Now Nick has a better understanding of Amy. And every page builds tension. Amy is no ordinary person.I haven't told you much of the story. But to do so would be doing you a disservice. Some of the suspense would be lost if I said more.Personally, I think the end should be rewritten. This is a five-star book that loses a star because of the last two pages.Thank you to readitforward.com for giving me this book.
this was good right up to the end which was very disconcerting.  It seems Flynn couldn't come up with a good way to end the book.  Now that I am writing this, though, maybe the ending is what it has to be.  hmmmm
I put off buying this book but every review kept adding to  my curiosity as to what the hype.  I found the book interesting and full of surprises.  I really enjoyed it and have talked to lots of friends who had the same experience.
Obviously this book does not need my review. It's been on international bestseller lists for years. The Gone Girl movie releases this fall which will probably end up with some Academy Award nominations. Oh well, I'm giving my two cents anyway. Here are my three issues with the book: the beginning, the main characters, and the ending.I seriously thought there might be something wrong with me at the beginning because I felt like I should be loving it, but I didn't. I was actually bored to tears and not just for a couple chapters. I'm talking for 130+ pages it was slow and I made no connection with the story. Yet I forced myself to press on and keep reading. Thank goodness the book became more interesting, and intriguing things started to happen.I really like twisted stories a great deal, and Gone Girl had many twists and turns. But I need a character to root for and care about. The main characters, Nick and Amy, are just emotionally and morally bankrupt people. I guess Nick would be the lesser of the two evils. Still, I did not like him one bit, and I despised Amy even more. Just check out this quote:&#34;I won't divorce him because that's exactly what he'd like. And I won't forgive him because I don't feel like turning the other cheek. Can I make it any more clear? I won't find that a satisfactory ending. The bad guy wins? F*** him.&#34;Here's another:...'&#34;Amy likes to play God when she's not happy. Old Testament God.&#34;&#34;Meaning?&#34;&#34;She doles out the punishment,&#34; Tommy said. &#34;Hard&#34;'And here's the last one:'&#34;I don't even want to ask,&#34; he said. &#34;You two are the most f***ed-up people I have ever met, and I specialize in f***-ed-up people.&#34;'The ending... well, it had no real conclusion. I guess the point was these two a**holes have to spend the rest of their lives together miserable. I guess they both deserve unhappiness.I predict the Gone Girl movie will be hugely successful with Ben Affleck in the starring role, and I will probably enjoy the movie. However, as a book, it was pretty good, IMO, but not entirely my cup of tea. For dark and twisted I much preferred CONSEQUENCES by Aletha Romig and BLIND OBSESSION by Ella Frank. Both of those book received 5 star ratings.
I couldn't believe a lot of the turns of events this book had! I couldn't put it down, a must read!
I had a really hard time getting into this book.  For the first 20% (I read it on my Kindle) I kept asking myself why this book was such a huge bestseller because I didn't find the plot all that compelling and I found the main characters unlikable.  Then the author, Gillian Flynn, started dropping little tidbits to clue the reader in that there was more to the story and the characters than was readily apparent.  There weren't a ton of these, but enough to keep me reading.  And then I reached Part Two of the book and everything changed.  For the second half of the book I was riveted.  And I was blown away by the ending, which I would never have guessed in a million years.  So if you pick the book up and you're not particularly enjoying the first half, stick with it.  It gets better.  Much, much better.
Gone Girl is a novel whose status as a bestseller is well-justified. It is intricately plotted and unfolds suspensefully from first to last. For that reason, I gave the book three stars. But I had two huge problems with the novel. First, the novel and the story it tells rely on gimmicks, and even when the manipulation is done as well as Flynn does it here, I still resent it. Second, I disliked all of the characters in this novel and read to the end ONLY to see how Flynn would pull it all together. A big literary debate in 2013 has centered on likeable characters, with the writers of "serious" fiction implying that readers who want a character they can like are too light-weight to be worth listening to and writers of bestselling fiction suggesting that literary lions who cling to unlikeable characters shouldn't bemoan their lack of commercial success. For me the bottom line on this is simple: There are far too many great novels out there about characters I'll care about that I'll never live long enough to read to waste my time with characters I dislike, however great the writing.
I found this book very interesting initially.  It was intense and the characters were believable.  The scenarios were a stretch but not too extreme.  Unfortunately for me, as the book progressed it became more and more bizarre and just not possible in my world of experiences (including TV).  I read to the end hoping for some kind of resolution to all the turmoil only to find it sizzle and die.I gave it a 3-star because I was very interesting at times and did finish it.  I wouldn't recommend it and probably wouldn't read this author again.
The most helpful review said it best, but the ending left room for a part 2. Very good book altogether.
Although a page turner, I was constantly aware that the author was pointing out how clever she was (not the character), by saying "Yes, that's the correct grammar." The book was over written, contrived, and had a typical "Hollywood ending".  It is probably because I read more non-fiction, that I expect better, more concise writing style. For the average mystery reader this would be considered a good book. I found it wanting.
Based on reviews , introductory chapter on kindle , I read it . Normally I don't read books written by female authors , but I read " The Witching Hour " and The Wolf's Gift " and couldn't tell any discerning differences . But , as I assumed , this is female writing . I doubt I will read another female novelist because the line with Anne rice is nonexistent while , a womans perspective in writing isn't for me . Nevertheless , a pretty good book .It's just a little soft . She even accredits her husband at the end to sharing with her how men think . It's alright .Entertaining like some books are entertaining but just for their mediocre appeal as to what happens next .
Read this book in book club! A great mystery and compelling story. Don't miss reading this book.  It will keep you up late.
I like Flynn's writing style and the first section of the story was quite compelling. The latter part of the book had too many implausible events for my taste and, the main drawback for me was there was not one single character who was at all likable, except perhaps Go. Yikes, what a bunch of dysfunctional people. Although it was ultimately quite a page-turner, it left me feeling as if I had been involved with a lot of very icky people.
It's too depressing and ugly for me.  Would the violence and shock ever end? It was too much, too many twists and turns and too Unbelievable.I didn't enjoy it and was very disappointed because I expected a good read..
When I first started reading this book for Book Discussion Group I thought it was just another modern novel about spoiled, self absorbed Yuppies brought low by the Great Recession. Was I ever wrong! This novel is amazingly complex and kept me guessing the whole way through. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
This book was a page turner! When you think you have figured out what is going on, you are not right...and it happens more than once. One of the best books I have read recently.
Only bought because movie is being made in my daughter's home town.  Do not know why anyone would go see the movie because it is such a good mystery....and once secret is out...suspense is over.  However,,,now that we are talking about it....it does bring on discussion.  It is a book you want to talk about....but,,,no spoilers...please.  By the way,,,my daughter said the crew of the production were just great to have in town...friendly,,,etc.....
Another novel that I read about in a magazine, this was a good book.  I did figure it out a little before the writer tells us "who done it", but that didn't make it any less interesting.  Loved it!
I liked the the back and forth plot of the main characters' perspective. I enjoyed the beginning when I was not sure  what had taken place and if Nick had murdered his wife. As the story progressed I was not as intrigued, as details unfolded, and I kept putting the book down and coming back to it days later. I did finish it, but was not satisfied with the end. I was glad to be finished reading it. If I like a book I hate to see it come to an end.
The characters were a little too bizarre to be completely believable but the story was interesting enough to keep me reading.
The book is well written and easy to follow.  I don't really enjoy books where all of the characters are unlikeable.  It was an OK read, but not the great book I was expecting.  I would not recommend this to a friend.
This book literally kept me up all night.  Couldn't put it down.  My only problem lately with some of the better known authors:  The story line keeps you turning the pages, but I feel the author just doesn't know how to end the book.  I don't mean it's a &#34;cliff hanger&#34; but for some reason the ending seems too contrived.  I was just disappointed in the ending.
This book should be a minus 20 stars it was so awful.  It is a sick book written by a sick mind.  The language is terrible, the plot disgusting, and the characters beyond psychotic.
I have to admit, this book is a page turner!  I found myself barely able to put it down at times.  I was not confused by the alternating POV and the plot twists-Awesome! All of the characters are fairly realistically drawn, even though you have difficulty liking most of them.  The pacing was good-frustrating but good and the psychology was intriguing on a many levels. I found myself staying up late, late trying to finish it last night. Then, today, as I reached the last pages-disappointment.  After getting so involved with these characters and investing time in the narrative, I'm sorry I recommended it to so many people. Yes, there are plenty of people who will like this ending and if it was classified as a horror story rather than a thriller, then the ending wouldn't be so...unsatisfying. There were so many different ways this could've ended and been much more satisfying-instead, it ended up feeling a bit rushed, contrived and just plain unbelievable-chilling, terrifying and scary, yes-but not believable. That's not to say that it doesn't leave you thinking about it after you are finished. It does, it's just not my idea of what I want in a book.A warning, quite a bit of colorful language (some very jarring and I'm no prude)as well as some very disturbing psychological aspects that may bother some people.
Couldn't put it down.  Can't wait to see the movie.  The ending leaves you wondering...Will read more of her stuff.
I really disliked the ending to this book.  So while I was facinated with the twists and turns, by the time I got to the end, I was mad.  Bad people should not go unpunnished.
I was duped again.. Not my cup of tea.  Dragged on and on and on...Beginning, middle and end, I kept waiting for a part I liked.
This book with all its twists and turns will stick with me for a bit. I can't really say I liked it, but I did enjoy reading  it.
It held me until we started her story and that was realy far-fetched and she wasn't an interesting character.  Poor baby.
This book will have you running in circles---written in a "he said-she said" way, it will challenge you to decipher what is truth! And when you start to really "get" it, it then challenges you on another level----how easy it is to be judgmental!!! I was amazed at the insight this author exhibited and will look for more of her books.
This is not an easy book.  These are not easy characters.  That said; This is a beautifully written book.  This is a psychological horror story.  The author is a master at simile; every one made the story, the characters come alive for me.  There are many reviews about plot here; I won't do that as this point.  My advice: Read this book.  It is an amazing journey, with twists and turns that amaze.
How could I rate it.  I don't recall even reading it. I'm surprised that this is the case as I never forget novels I've read.  Possibly I'm getting a bit long in the tooth. Please forgive me. I'll read it again.
Convoluted in an unsatisfying, contrived manner....This novel started out in an intriguing manner -- sudden disappearance of a lovely wife, husband the suspect. The reader's suspicions are tugged this way and that. A very unsatisfactory, totally implausible ending...
I wish I'd read more of the 1 and 2 star reviews instead of simply relying on the best seller list.  This book has no satisfactory ending. It's infuriating. I could argue about other parts of it being illogical, derivative, cliched and more but in spite of everything, it held my interest.  Until the last page.  I, too, would have thrown it against the wall if it weren't on my Kindle.  Horrible non-ending. It's as if she just got tired and stopped writing.  Do NOT buy this book.
I really enjoyed this book. It keeps you on the edge until the end. I did not like the ending but that is just me. The style of writing was unique and the author really gives a good description of the characters that you can picture them as they are. Keep reading, you will be in for a twist and turn ride.
My first thought when I finished this book was I'm glad its fiction.  There are probably girls like Gone Girl out there but I hope I never meet them.  I only want to meet this girl in a book -- not even on the movie screen.  Gone Girl is smart -- very smart -- and controlling and this is not a good combination in this case.  I did enjoy the way the book was written hearing both the wife and the husband's viewpoints.  I was amazed several times at the plot turns.  I read this book for book club; I don't know if  I would have read it otherwise.  I have gotten tried of books about dysfunctional families and the family in this book is certainly dysfunctional.  It is an interesting book and it will keep your attention.
The story is a little slow at first but gets better with a lot of surprises, twists and turns.  I haven't finished it yet and can't wait to find out what happens!
Read this in a weekend. Certainly a page-turner. Well-written in some ways, badly written in others. Seemed to me that Nick and Amy had the same "voice," there was no distinction except for the chapter headings as to who was speaking. There were many clever observations and turns of phrases, but they BOTH made them, and they're often recycled."the Internet was still some exotic pet kept in the corner of the publishing world - throw some kibble at it, watch it dance on its little leash, oh quite cute, it definitely won't kill us in the night." (Nick)"we sometimes laugh, laugh out loud, at the horrible tings women make their husbands do to prove their love. The pointless tasks, the myriad surrenders. We call these men the dancing monkeys." (Amy)As a villain, Amy was much too Superheroic. Every time she got into trouble, she managed to squirm (or stab) her way out of it, without paying too dear a price. And then the ending - 39 year old, coming from a mother with a history of miscarriage can easily get preggers from a couple vials of frozen sperm and possibly hubs' private consolation Kleenexes? I ain't buying it.Nick was just as devious as Amy was, he simply wasn't as good at it.I ended up disliking both characters intensely, and the further I've gotten from finishing the novel, the more I feel it is very clever, on the surface, but not particularly deep.
kept me glued and the story was great as were the charactersand i will read gillian flynn when i find another book
The use of the &#34;F&#34; bomb in every sentence made the book almost unreadable. Make me think the author has a limited vocabulary. Story line was good,not overly believable,but choice of vocabulary ruined it.
The book kept my interest but the characters were not very likable. They really deserved each other after 5 years of marriage.
Loved it! Would recommend it to anyone wanting to read an unusual thriller, written in a unique and engaging style.
Great book had me guessing in the beginning & kept my intrigue throughout the book. Was easy read...Little disappointed in ending of novel.
Every time I thought I had it figured out I didn't. Great thriller. I don't know anyone who hasn't read it by now so if you haven't, you must!
Kept reading because I wanted to know how it turned out, but it seems I did that more out of habit than true enjoyment. The idea is great, but would have been more riveting if it were a little more believable.
I was anxious to read this book because I had heard so many good reviews.  However, when I tried to read it, I could not get past the first 50 pages.  The writing style is truncated and has no flow.  The characters are not likable - self-centered, egotistical, few redeeming qualities. I forced myself to read 50 pages and then closed it for good.It may be a generational issue.  I like flow to writing and the truncated communication seems a reflection of texting.  Who knows, but this one was a dud for me.
I am constantly looking for out of the ordinary crime fiction/psychological thriller books. To find one that is well-written as well as well-plotted is great. Not perfect....but pretty darned close. Recommended.
Not usually my type of book but it was interesting all the way through.  First person, past tense told from two main protagonists--good choice channeling the wife's voice through her dairy. I didn't guess that it would end the way it did but I was satisfied with the ending. My first by author and looking forward to the next. 4.5 stars
While less enjoyable than Sharp Objects, it's nonetheless am interesting read about a dystopian marriage. No heroes here, just villains.
You just have  to read this book; the whole  messed up, crazy, page after page of I can't stop reading. You will not regret it! Absolutely looking forward  to reading more from this author.
Excellent page turner,Gotta love a psychopath!Wonderfully written characters make this a riveting read.  You are waiting for what evil twist will come next ... what will unravel ... what will trip the evil bitch up.The plotline isn't that typical one of conflict/resolution building to a crescendo.  Instead we are teasingly dripfed the revelations through alternating points of view ... but were this has been done before, in Gone Girl the twists and turns are constant and you are kept off kilter not knowing how things will develop.  It runs from intriguing (can't take your eyes of the car wreck of a marriage) to fascinating (like a mongoose fighting a cobra) to horrific (that car wreck just turned into a highway pileup of enormous proportion!).  And the ending is a sucker punch!  Takes your breath away.  Loved it ... so unconventional!The language was witty and erudite, characters are uncomfortably believable and it was a darkly suspenseful novel.
I liked this book, but the pace was a bit slow and I kept thinking something exciting was going to happen to ramp up the read.  A good way to pass some time while lying on the beach, but not a must-have.
Had been waiting to get this book.  WHY did I wait?  It's fast moving with twists and turns.  Just the kind of book I like.  I love it when the author has yet another trick up their sleeve when I think I have figured it out.  Great book!
I nearly trashed this book after only a couple of chapters but I persisted and read on. However, it eventually sucked me in like quicksand, actually more like slowsand as the storyline tends to plod along. Personally, I think there's too much detail in Amy's Diary and not enough action. Still as the saying goes...'revenge is a dish best served cold' and if your up for a revenge plodder, this one's for you.The second part of the book: quickened up and became a little more exciting as the two opposing parties went their own ways. Highly unlikely that Amy wouldn't have been recognised hanging out in a downtown motel for ages irrespective of her disguise. Who knows, people tend to see only what they want to see!The final part of the book: the pseudo rescue and being held against her will, followed by Amy's revenge and return to a husband who'd guessed the truth but had to live with it, scary.Slow, scary outcome and definitely not a trash can job.Can't give it more than three stars given its extremely slow start.
I like to Google &#34;Best Mystery Books or Best Court Room Drama Books of Certain Years.&#34; I enjoy finding new author and new writing styles. Gone Girl came up several times during my searches and I even downloaded it from my library at least twice before returning it without reading it. It came up on a book chat site last week and I thought I am going to finally read this book. 4-days later I'm thinking &#34;Crap, I'm done with the book.&#34; Gone Girl turned out to be a great piece of entertainment. It was good enough for me to be sad when I finished. I will definitely read other books by Flynn. Gone Girl kept me guessing. I really thought Desi was going to kill her and Nick would go down for her murder and get the needle. Anyway if you like to be entertained than checkout or buy this book.
Reading this book reminds me of dog racing, the kind of racing where they have the artifical "rabbit" called "Rusty" racing around the track, always just ahead of the dogs.  They dogs can't stop in their pursuit of the "rabbit..."So it is with this book. A good story so well and effectively told that the reader finds himself or herself in much the same situation as the dogs chasing ole "Rusty." They can't stop and neither can we, once we get into the story...so gripping and so well told...the end of each segment leaves you wanting, begging for more, to see what happens next...salivatng for what comes next...It's that good.Any married person will see part of himself or herself in this book, sometimes enough to bring as chuckle or a laugh...At other times the thought, "Oh, you feel that way, too" or "You have that situation, too..." "I know about that..."But in the end, let's hope that Nick and Amazing Amy aren't too much like us and that we aren't too much like them...but the similarities are there, for all married couples and all who have been married.  The author of this book might well have been a marriage counselor--or have had some heavy duty counseling along the way to know how married people think, feel, behave and react...To sum it up, a literary "Fatal Attraction," well written and well told.So, who gets what in the end?  Do they deserve what they get?  Do they deserve each other?  Can they make it work?Questions you will be thinking about long after finishing this book.
I kept waiting for retribution....and didn't get it.  The beginning and middle of book held my attention but at the end, I was totally pissed!
This story was great but the end was a huge anti-climax for me. First half of the book portrayed two characters, one sensitive and loving, the other weak and pathetic. Second half we saw two very different characters emerging. The plot was ingenious, could not have guessed anything that was going to happen next and just couldn't put the book down. Unfortunately once Desi re-appeared on the scene it  began to get a bit unrealistic.  By the last few chapters I was realising the ending was not going to tie up any loose ends and I felt a bit like the character Go who was crying and saying &#34;It's not meant to be like this&#34;. Most of the book was about one character masquerading as something they were not but by the end both characters were playing that game and it was a bit like watching actors in a play. I was disappointed that someone who could write such a great book could end it so pathetically. It's was like she suddenly got tired of writing and had to finish it off in a hurry.
GONE GIRL by Gillian Flynn is easily one of the best books I've read in a long time. The opening act is awesome. It delivers a compelling, dramatic, suspenseful scenario that will have you taking time out of your busy day to read the novel.Up front, you should know the chapter titles give away some of the story. However, the overall structure of the book is what makes this book great. Each chapter alternates point of view, first from husband Nick, then from his wife Amy. This is a novel about a wife going missing. Chapter one begins with Nick telling about the day of. Then chapter two is Amy's diary beginning back when she first met Nick seven years ago. As we read, Flynn hooks the reader into Nick's plight as he is investigated, implicated and scorned for his suspected involvement in his wife's disappearance. But, did Nick actually have anything to do with Amy's disappearance? This is where the great writing comes through. The evidence certainly points to Nick, but enough clues are given to where we don't think he did it, yet through Amy's diary entries, we know NIck isn't that great of a guy because Amy felt threatened by him.The set up for this novel is great. The thing about a husband and wife conflict is that it really could happen to anyone. So, it's easy to imagine yourself in a relationship gone bad. Also, Flynn writes as to make the possibilities of what happened to Amy endless. Was she murdered? Did Nick do it? Was she alive? Where was she? Why did the evidence point to NIck? What was he hiding? Will they even get back together.Ultimately, once the second half of the book begins, many questions get answered. I have to give Flynn credit for the surprising twists and turns she inserts into this cat and mouse game between husband and wife. Considering the great set up in the first part of the novel, I believe the second half really holds up, and is just as good. Flynn is a really good writer and I can't wait to read her previous two novels.
Very good read. I enjoyed the read but did not care for the author's way of ending, or writing their way out. The book was a worthwhile read.
Where to begin. NYT review says ice pick sharp. I thought okay, that one's for me. Wrong. It took too long to build up and when it did it fell flat. There are so many more books out there better than one for 12.99 with a lot better ending.
My wife kept telling me that I would like this book but I did not believe her. I started it twice and thought it was going to be the literary equivalent of a &#34;chick flick&#34;. When I finally gave it a chance I could not put it down. It kept  me guessing and switching allegiance between characters. I know people like these characters and now I wonder what they are capable of ... Hopefully not anything like what happens in this book.I am off to read more by Ms. Flynn
Even my wife, who usually does not read mysteries could not put this one down.  In fact, she read it first and was constantly surprised by the twists and turns that the book throws at you.  I bought it and blitzed thru it, unable to put it down for long.  I highly recommend this book.  Go get it, find a comfortable chair, and enjoy.
Excellent read. Would recommend this book to anyone which I thoroughly enjoyed and totally recommended to all my reading friends.
Wasn't too thrilled with this book.  I skipped pages just so I can finish it quickly.  I would not recommend this book.
Life many other reviewers, I really liked the first half of the book and was almost going to start telling other people about it.  Then, the two timelines in the story collide and it went inexplicably downhill from there. Such a waste. Very unsatisfying. A good idea but not fully thought through.
From the beginning I did to want to stop reading this book, too bad my daily life got in my way!
From start to finish I loved it! I think everyone should read this book. If you do end up reading it and enjoyed it as much as I did you should defiantly read Dark placed and Sharp Objects. Both are written and as thrilling as Gone Girl.
I absolutely loved this book!  I am sure most who did not like it were not happy about the end. I thought that was creepily perfect!  When you have psycho, messed up characters, sometimes you get psycho, messed up endings.  Can't wait to go back and get her other books!
This is a story of a self absorbed girl made famous by her parents writing of children's books featuring their daughter. She grows up and falls in love (?) with and marries a self absorbed man. The marriage is far from perfect and she eventually frames her husband for her murder, but she is not dead. They eventually get back together both wanting to kill the other and by blackmail on both side a form of peace is reached that probably will not last. The story went back and forth in time and focused on only one at a time. To me it was confusing. The woman was not as smart as she was supposed to be. Who with any intelligence at all would travel with a large sum of money and not have it distributed between various different places in the luggage?
I was hooked from the first chapter. Great writing, perfect pacing, and overall a terrific story. Still thinking about it a month after finishing it. That's the mark of a great book. A cut above the run-of-the-mill suspense novel. Quality work. Looking forward to reading more by Flynn.
Her use of really creative ways to talk about ordinary, mundane things was fantastic &engaging---kept; you wanting more. Hers was a refreshing style--switching between the thoughts of 2 characters. I loved the story and want to read more of her books.I am usually a true crime story reader--rarely ever reading fiction; but Flynn has me hooked!
I expected to love this book, but was disappointed - did not like the main characters.  The plot was good in that it kept you wondering who was the &#34;bad guy&#34; and it was very well written.
I more or less couldn't put the book down and though it's not my usual type of novel, kept reading but was sorely disappointed with the flat ending. There were surprises along the way that made me think what a clever writer, but for the book to be done so well and there not to be a better ending really disappointed. I didn't like the character that Amy morphed into. I kept thinking that she would be caught in the ending and get her just dessert, but when someone ended up still trapped, it was not a satisfying ending. To put so much planning and thought into a book, which obviously was well done up until then, it just seemed to just stop and let things remain unresolved. I never would have read it except it was chosen for an "adult" book club read at my school. It's not the romantic suspense type of novel I usually enjoy. I like happy endings.
This novel is a maze of zingers, both Amy and Nick are clever and self-aware, yet their course winds through a sultry hell that binds and breaks.  So they reject redemption for the sake of seeing whither/wither Extremity beckons, predictably downhill.  Ultimately, they do not escape their confines; consciousness/analysis is inadequate and has no metaphysical perspective.  Such are the trappings/emotional-content of civilization, mankind as manipulated into being manipulative.  The cure is Conscience, but the game is too far gone, too addictive, so humanity marches/stumbles along until a looming Judgment Day settles the issue, so it can start up again.
Gussied up soap opera passed off as literary.  A calculating money spinner that's otherwise meretricious.  For soap opera fans only.
Excellent characters and storyline.  The beginning is a little slow, but then the twists and turns begun and you won't want to put the book down.  A great read!
I listened to the audiobook.  It was one of those that made me want to not put it down...the plot twists were just great.  I liked it so much that before I finished it, I ordered the hard copy for my wife (she doesn't do audiobooks).  It came yesterday.  I finished mine today...and I'm left frustrated.  There were a dozen ways the book could have ended satisfactorily.  And then the way it actually ended.  I have another of her books on my iTouch...I'll have to do some more research before I invest my time on it.
I was told I'd be irritated with the ending of this book and I think that helped me not be do irritated. This story keeps you guessing for sure. I won't say much, as to not spoil anything, but the two main characters are developed very well. Halfway through the book you think you know what happened and that gets completely upended. A few more plot twists are thrown in in the second half as well. I still don't know how I feel about Nick Dunne's character and how he developed or about the lack of justice doled out but I think that may have been Gillian Flynn's intentions when writing this book.Overall, a decent murder/crime mystery , screwed up story. Things are not always what they seem. And that becomes apparent as you dive into this book and Nick and Amy Dunne's story.
I found the book fascinating as it bounced from one person's view to another. It kept my interest and I wanted to find out what was going to happen.  The ending was a bit disappointing but all-in-all it was a great novel.
This story is definitely  for females. The plot was interesting, but the ending was a disappointing and left me flat
Gone Girl is one hell of a multilayered, expertly written psychological thriller.  It dissects the breakup of Amy and Nick's marriage, from both their points of view at different times in their marriage.  They're both manipulative, deceitful, and vengeful, but when Amy goes missing, who's at fault and who is responsible?  Nick was so handsome and charming, but I hated him for being so weak and selfish, always taking the easy way.  (If there is growth for anyone, however, perhaps he does achieve it.)  Amy was beautiful and elegant, but she wasn't always what she seemed.Do yourself a favor and don't read any more ABOUT the book, go READ the book now!  You don't want to spoil all the twists and turns in store for you.  This is not a happy or even comfortable read, but it's a fascinating journey you can't stop.
This book takes many twists and turns. Your never sure who you want to hate in this book. Terrific ending.
After reading a great deal of reviews about this book as well as my own familiarity with Ms. Flynn's work, having read &#34;Sharp Objects&#34; some years back... I approached the reading of this one with much anticipation and excitement. Ms. Flynn does NOT disappointment and resulted in me titling this comment with how dare you... keep me up until 2am on 5 different occasions because I could NOT put this down!The story moves at a fantastic pace but in no way prepares the reader for the emotional roller coaster... I was loving, pitying, hating the characters all at the same time!Great dosages of twists and turns and confusion... but I will say the story wraps a little bit more dull than I anticipated.Regardless, the acknowledgement this piece has garnered is well earned... and now I sit patiently for the next gem to emerge from the mind of Ms. Flynn!Awesome....
What a thriller! Of course we all try to guess and predict exactly what will happen next in every book we read and movie we watch, but this one got me several times. To imagine that another could go in to such depth to exact revenge is chilling. I agree that the end was somewhat melodramatic for me, but maybe I was just hoping for something different!This is a hard book to review without letting some spoilers fly, so I will just sum this up with...if you enjoy a good mystery, you will love this one!
It's a great book to read while traveling, first part was very exciting because you could actually relate to it,the second bit tedious because the characters became so out there and unrealistic.
However, very disturbing.  If you don't want to think deeply and suspect (or, more horribly, understand) your nearest and dearest...don't read!
Ok had to finish it because that's how I am, but I never enjoyed the book. Terrible ending, depressing and unbelievable at times.
This was a wonderful read.  Very interesting plot and a surprising ending.  I loved it, and would recommend it to everyone.
*****NOT A &#34;SPOILER&#34; REVIEW*****The Author:This is the 1st title I've ready by Gillian Flynn, per recommendation from a good friend.  I must say I was uniquely captivated.  Flynn has a very unique writing style...one that I have never experienced before.  Yet, it was absolutely wonderful.. If this is your first reading, by her, it make take a chapter or two to adjust, but the adjustment comes quickly.  At first, you may be a bit confused or say to yourself, :Huh?&#34; but once you read the sentence again, you totally get it [this is the adjustment phase you go through in the beginning].  The quick & witty [and I do mean witty, not boring, not labored, not too serious, but witty] writing style captures the reader from the very beginning.  It actually made me chuckle, too.The Book:Gillian Flynn does an excellent job describing the characters...just enough for the reader to formulate their own pictures of the characters in their minds.  Flynn goes back and forth, consistently, between the 2 main characters of the novel: Nick & Amy.  They take you on a journey through their marraige,..the ups, the downs and the in-betweens, all while Amy is missing [&#34;Gone&#34;].  And as the story unfolds, the characters come to life and you have to remind yourself....It Is A Book!The Author & The Book:Flynn carefully draws you in to their lives of the characters [one speaking in past tense,one speaking in present tense]. Also interesting, Flynn allows the one speaking in the past to catch up to the one speaking in the present...PHENOMENAL APPROACH!As the story unfolds, you learn more and more about the characters, simultaneously being &#34;WOW'D&#34; by Flynn and her unique writing style.  She presents the reader with details but doesn't overdo it, which is a difficult trait to master as an author.  Page afer page, Flynn keeps you interested to the point where you just can't put the book down. Part 1 tells one story.  Part 2 tells a completely different story.  Yet, the parts fit perfectly together into a fictional masterpiece!Recommendation [5 Stars]:BUY IT....READ IT....RECOMMEND IT!!!  FLYNN IS A PHENOMENAL WRITER!!!!&#34;Gone Girl&#34; is a psychological-suspense novel that makes your think and think and laugh and think!  Once you complete the book, you will feel like you just went on the calmest, but most exciting rollercoaster ride. And the title of the novel becomes not only a description of what the book is about  but the reader will find symbolism there, as well.There are some 'Cons', though.  In the 2nd half of the book, there are some parts that push &#34;reality&#34; to the limit but you don't lose your grasp on what could potentially occur.  And the end may leave you feeling like, &#34;Really, that's it?  But, all-in-all, Flynn's writing style and the overall unfolding of the story, does not affect my &#34;5 STAR&#34; rating.I am completely looking forward to the other titles, &#34;Sharp Objects&#34; and &#34;Dark Places&#34;.And Gillian, thank you for not making this into a series.  Sometimes I want the whole story told in 1 book.  You gave me that!&#34;ROCK ON GILLIAN FLYNN&#34;BlessedBookCritic [5 Stars NEVER Come Easy By Me!!!]
I really loved the book with all the twists andturns.  However, i hated the ending!!!At least five other office staff felt the same way.In fact I don't think I will buy her other booksbecause they may end the same way...awfulLynne
I was completely drawn in and didn't see the twists coming at all!  I couldn't put it down!  The story stuck with me for a long time.
I am more of a "happily ever after" kind of girl.  Wasn't thrilled about the book when reading it and unfortunately without giving to much away, MEN ARE SO SLOW.  It really only annoyed me to read this book to be honest.  The ending was not cathartic and was actually really depressing.  The book is dark and twisted and really wreaks more of a horror movie - all that was missing was the crazy "Jason" music in the background.  Not sure how this is a best seller, but sure.  It was not for me at all, but hey, to each his own.
Didn't hold my attention as much as the other books I've read.  It was ok.  Hope the movie is better.
I really, really wanted to give this book five stars. I love Gillian Flynn and enjoyed "Dark Places" very much. This book was truly good until the ending, which fizzled quickly. Other reviewers have stated the same. I think I "get" what the author was trying to state overall, but it would have been a five star high five with a better ending. Still...I'm looking forward to her next book.
Narrated by a husband and a wife (via her diary entries over the course of several years) Gone Girl is the riveting and enthralling story of a missing wife and the subsequent suspicion placed on the husband in her disappearance. Almost as ripped from the headlines of several major cases, such as the Scott Peterson trial, Gone Girl keeps you guessing about the location and fate of the wife, as well as the innocence or guilt of the husband. Unlike other mystery novels that involve missing spouses, we actually get to hear from the missing spouse herself from the very first pages of the novel. This ties the two stories together brilliantly and later leads to a major plot twist that will leave you stunned. (I was reading it on a train and squealed when the twist was revealed!!) By no means a love story, Gone Girl revolves around a marriage that started extremely happy and turned rather dysfunctional after a slew of stressors. Do keep in mind that this is more of a psychological thriller than an action packed thriller. It will leave you wondering about the capabilities of those closest to you in times of desperation...
This book alternates between the viewpoints of the two major characters. Keeps you interested. Very disappointing ending. A dark suspense.
Okay, I have to admit I liked this book, but in a weird way. In the way of wanting to give it to my ex-husbands and say, &#34;so you think I'm a crazy bitch?&#34; It was very long, and sometimes repetitive with the first person narrative being switched back and forth between Amy and Nick. Or perhaps it only seems that way if you have been married and heard it all before. How many ways can you say you hate your spouse? I will read another of Flynn's books.
Gone Girl is cleverly written and a real page turner! You think you have it figured out and then &#34;bam&#34;! The author does a good job of embedding details and setting up the clues to mislead you along the way! A great read!
I couldn't put this book down. Not your average mystery. After finishing it, I immediately got hold of  another book by this author. This is a book not to be missed.
Generally, I think of mystery novels as pleasant, if often predictable, diversions from my "real" reading. Gone Girl is anything but. This is a genuine literary novel that happens to have at its center a sophisticated and highly satisfying mystery. And that makes it a mystery unlike nearly all others. The only things that come close to this brilliant novel by Gillian Flynn are the books in the Ripley series by Patricia Highsmith. I consider this high praise indeed.Although others have attempted to summarize the plot, I argue that it defies a succinct summary. That's because Gone Girl operates on multiple levels. There are the outward, observable activities that take place along a conventional time line and which on their own constitute a typical mystery. Then there are the inner motivations, feelings and attitudes of the book's two main characters: Amy and Nick, husband and wife. What goes on inside the heads of these two is difficult for the reader to discern, given that the outer evidence of their inner lives must be deciphered and pieced together in order to come to a basic understanding of what is actually happening at the novel's deeper level. Gillian Flynn is clearly a master at plotting, particularly because the characters inner lives are revealed in non-linear time, often via a diary written by Amy or through comments from some of the secondary characters.Just as Amy and Nick manipulate one another and the people around them, so Gillian Flynn manipulates her readers. She capitalizes on the expectations that we readers have developed through years of reading conventional mysteries, demonstrating that people tend to see not what is in front of them, but what they have been trained to expect. Thus, when the surprises start to unfold, we are startled into realizing that Gone Girl is not just any diversionary read. It is true literature.
I wish I could read faster! Couldn't turn the pages fast enough! Very mysterious...  Very Interesting! I did like the authors writing style. I would recommend this book for young adults17 to27 years old. I look forward to reading more books by Gillian Flynn!
I enjoyed this book but after having been a huge Jodi Picoult fan, I think I expected more.  The story was there but the bite wasn't quite as sharp.  I would recommend it but as you can see, four stars rather than five.
This was a strange book from the start, but one tat keeps your interest until the end, and the ending is a real doozy!
If you're looking for a good read to make you fall asleep at night, it'll do the trick. Short chapters, not much thought or imagination required.
I can't imagine why this book received so much positive press. The prose is overblown and poorly edited. The narratives of the husband, Nick, and the wife, Amy, go on ad nauseum, but offer nothing that makes either character remotely sympathetic, or even interesting, unless, perhaps, you are a prison psychologist. This book may work for some as a send-up of a bad marriage, but does not illuminate or enlighten us about human relationships, emotional truths, or mysteries of intimacy anywhere on the spectrum of normal human interaction. As far as I am concerned, it violates the first rule of fiction: give us at least one character we actually care about. Gillian Flynn makes Jacqueline Susann look like Jane Austen.
I won't spend time summarizing the plot of Gone Girl, as this is provided in the Amazon Book Description. I'll just say that Gone Girl opens on the occasion of Amy and Nick Dunne's fifth wedding anniversary. Amy disappears under very disturbing circumstances. Amy and Nick were the golden couple when they first began their courtship. They were soul mates to the degree that they could complete each other's sentences and guess each other's reactions. They are smart, charming, gorgeous...and, oh yeah, narcissistic, selfish and cruel. You could say they complete each other -- in a very dangerous way.I have to admit I put off reading Gone Girl for a long time because, being a hard core thriller lover, I didn't think it would be a book for me. It was only due to my wife's as well as a male friend's insistence that I give it a try that I caved in and read it. Now, having completed it, I have to say that I enjoyed Gone Girl very much and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys not just a good mystery filled with twists and turns, but a book that excels in its character development and narrative style -- that alternates between Amy's and Nick's perspectives.It's been quite awhile since I've read a book whose main and supportive characters are so richly developed. I should point out that almost all of them are deeply flawed, making many of them hard to like. However, whether you like them or not, I doubt if you'll find any of them to be uninteresting. Further, Flynn has a way with words and a descriptive style that are heads and shoulders above almost all of the other authors I've been reading.While I found Gone Girl to start slowly and continue to build slowly throughout most of the first half of the book, I enjoyed all of it. If the idea of the pace being somewhat slow in the first half of Gone Girl is making you skeptical about reading it, please put your concern to bed as its second half moves at a brisk pace and is packed with surprises.I deducted 1/2 star from my overall rating because of the ending, which I found to be a bit abrupt and vague. Despite this criticism, I consider Gone Girl to be a book well worth reading; and I've already purchased Gillian Flynn's two previous books, Dark Places and Sharp Objects.
Interesting. A different format...enjoyed the characters, the plot and the twists and turns. Impressed with writing, certainly a quick read.
This not my kind of book its all over the place.I cant seem to even remember what it was about,would not buy this author again
I may be one of the last people to have come to read GONE GIRL which apparently is a bestseller and very popular. I can&#8217;t say that I was won over but then I did not dislike the book either. It&#8217;s really a gimmick dressed up with plot twists told through dueling first person narration. It&#8217;s fun and rather predictably twisted with an ending that is telegraphed very early on. It is not very realistic as the contrived plot revolves around to many perceived preplanned contrivances. Nothing happens that is unplanned or the plot would fall on its head. What does set the book apart is that the books main characters are very unlikable sociopaths. In the end you kind of wish they had killed each other off. (Now it is going to be a movie and if placed in the hands of a good screenwriter and director this might make a very good film noir. It will be interesting to see how it plays out.)Three things I really liked about the book where (1) the economic setting of the book where the great recession and technology have led to the stress of layoffs, (2) the way the public and media shape the narrative of a news story and the perception of quilt or innocence with no evidence and only hyperbolic guessing&#8230;it really rips the likes of a Nancy Grace, (3) and how as a country we have invented an industry of celebrity lawyers (also a theme in John Gresham&#8217;s latest and better novel SYCAMORE ROW).What I did not like was the first half of the book as the narration by the wife who has gone missing is told via her diary. I found these sections almost unreadable and very unconvincing as a counter point to the Husband&#8217;s story. The diary entries all disappear midway through the book which makes the last half a much more interesting and entertaining read. The funny thing about the book is that it is marketed as a thriller, a page turner that keeps you on the edge of your seat. I just did not find that to be true. Not that it&#8217;s slow and uninteresting but I found it a very easy book to put down and come back too. I never really found no compelling reason to pick it up and find out what happened next until the last 50 pages.Yet if you&#8217;re on vacation, flying someplace, are in need of a beach read, and enjoy a jolt in your plots no matter how implausible and want to spend time in the heads of two sociopaths with a bad marriage this might be just the book you&#8217;re looking to read. Or like me, you&#8217;re interested because everyone else seems so taken by it that you want to find out why.
Great book.  It doesn't go to the places you think. It surprises you.  Very well-written, interesting, and does not disappoint.
I read this dark book in three days.  The plot moved swiftly, if implausibly at times.  The characters are those you love to hate, almost real, although you wouldn't want to include Nick and Amy in your circle of friends.  The writing was terse and tight. In short, this was my kind of story.  However, like many others, I found the ending to be somewhat limp, like a dangling participle.  Ms. Flynn is very clever and talented.  I think she could have provided a better "twist" at the end.
Only negative critique is that some parts of the plot were hard to believe (far fetched).  Overall, an outstanding read
A long drawn out mystery that got interesting if you held out for the first 100 pages. Quite good after the initial chapters
This is one of the most annoying books I've read in a long time and I read a lot of books.  I could find no reason to recommend this book and finished it only because I had read a good review and hoped to find  a reason for that good review.  The improbable, nasty  liars  belong in a science-fiction movie.
To me, the most helpful reviews are those that help me decide whether or not to spend time on a book. So no spoilers, since the main pleasure in reading a suspense mystery is the twists.  Current reviews polarize between the excellent writing (absolutely true) and the increasingly dislikable characters and vapid ending.  I enjoyed it, maybe because it's been a long time since I've read such a well written mystery, a genre which is often more obsessed with plot than the telling. But consider avoiding this book if you don't like feeling manipulated, as the author definitely takes the readers on a ride. Also, if you need tidy endings where evil gets its due, this ending will leave you flat.  My major beef with the novel is that people who started somewhat believable (hurt, marriage spiral, increasing emotional distance) in the context of serious personality disorders (borderline, narcissistic, OCD) end up doing fairly unbelievable things.  Still, you can't deny, Gone Girl is a rollercoaster of ride.That said, as a screener of books for my rising age teens, I'd probably hold off on recommending this book to the pre-college group just yet.  Besides the slightly gratuitous profanity, misogynistic rants, and occasionally violent sex, I'd prefer not to let my kids see the vicious cruelty, emotional manipulation, and selfishness portrayed in these characters. For a gentler amazing portrayal of psychological power plays in marriage, I'd have them read Crossing to Safety, by Stegner, which has far more redeeming value.The most interesting note to me is that Flynn rewrote the ending for the movie screenplay.  I think that was a wise move--if her movie ended like her book, public outrage, like the fabricated public response in her book, would sink it quickly.  I'm curious to see how she may change the ending to the satisfaction of her readers/viewers.  Any ideas?
This is one of those books where I feel like I would like to get the time back, that it took to read.  I will try another Gillian Flynn  book one of these days as it wasn't the writing style but the story-line that felt like a waste of my time.  I do wonder if she hates men-a theme I am not interested in reading.  Just my 2 cents.
Truly one of my favorite reads in ages!  From page one to the last word, which I dreaded because I wanted this book to go on and on......I was caught in the mystery.  The two main characters are fully described as the pages turn, so you are seeing through their eyes, alternately rooting for each.  Each character is fascinating, with the author giving traits to each.  Just a great book which I cannot recommend enough!!  I'm now looking for Ms. FlashFlynn's other work.You will enjoy 'Gone, Girl', I am sure!!!
I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR A GOOD BOOK THAT KEEPS ME TURNING THE PAGES ND THIS WAS IT.  THE REASON I GAVE IT 4 STARS IS IT TAKES A WHILE TO GET USED TO THE BACK AND FORTH IN CHARACTERS.  ALSO, IN THE BEGINNING I THOUGHT , WHY IS THIS BOOK GIVEN SUCH GREAT REVIEWS.  ONCE YOU GET INTO IT , IT BECOMESA PAGE TURNER AND U UNDERSTAND WHY THE AUTHOR TOOK HER TIME SETTING YOU UP
An excellent tale.  Although I (and most of my book club) really disliked the 2 main characters by the end of the story, it was really well done.  To say more would give away the story.  Enjoy.
This is without a doubt one of the best thrillers/suspense novels I have ever read.  It has two of the most interesting and chilling characters ever created.  The book plays with your mind with twists that you will never see coming.  It is an absolutely "amazing" read (and I use the word "amazing" as a special word of praise to Gillian Flynn - you'll see what I mean if you read the book!).  BTW, some reviewers thought the ending was disappointing; however, I think it ended the only way it could, and it was stunning.  Kudos Ms. Flynn!
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn is a mobius strip, a maze and a deeply troubling novel about the inner workings of a marriage made in hell.  It is about Amy Elliott Dunne and her husband Nick, married five years.  On their fifth anniversary Amy disappears and it looks like she was kidnapped.  However, the police don't really buy the outer appearances of what looks like a simple crime.For their five years together, Nick finds himself asking, "What are you thinking, Amy? The question I've asked most often during our marriage, if not out loud, if not to the person who could answer.  I suppose these questions stormcloud over every marriage: What are you thinking? How are you feeling? Who are you? What have we done to each other? What will we do?"  Nick wants to see what's inside Amy's skull, the shape of which he loves, to get to the heart of her but, as this book will show you, that's a very difficult and dangerous proposition.It is difficult to say much about this book without giving spoilers so I'll give you my general impressions.  It's a book about a twisted and dysfunctional marriage, a thriller and a mystery, all rolled into one.  Gillian Flynn has gotten her writing act together and this is SO MUCH BETTER than her previous two books that it isn't even comparable.  The book is a page-turner, a wonderful character study of the people involved and filled with twists and turns that will boggle your mind.Amy is known as Amazing Amy because her parents have written a series of successful children books, the Amazing Amy series, based on Amy's life.  They have made a lot of money on this but have spent it unwisely and have asked Amy for most of her trust fund back.  She is left with only about $85,000.  Amy and Nick live in New York when the book starts but they both lose their jobs and move to North Carthage, Missouri, Nick's childhood home, to help care for his ailing parents.  They rent a McMansion in the suburbs of the city.  Nick and his fraternal twin, Go, use what is left of Amy's money to start up a bar downtown.The city of Carthage is shown as a dying city, a place in the Midwest that was once prosperous but now is economically dried up.  The city is filled with vagrants who once were gainfully employed.  Flynn does a wonderful job painting the ambiance of this area in the Midwest, a place fairly close to Hannibal and St. Louis.  There are the Blue Book Boys, now vagrants, who used to work for a factory that manufactured blue books that were used for high school and college tests before the dawning of computers.  Now unemployed, they are painted as a group of ne'er-do-wells who hang out at a closed mall.The novel is told in alternating chapters, one in Amy's voice and the next in Nick's.  We get to hear the whole story in first person from each of them.  Be prepared to be turned upside down, shaken, turned right side up and then spun around for good measure.  The book has more turns and twists than the world's fanciest amusement park ride.I enjoyed the book immensely because of the characterizations and the story itself.  My only problem is that I was unable to suspend belief enough to take in the end of the novel.  It seemed too unbelievable to me.  Ms. Flynn is a wonderful writer and I look forward to her future novels.
If you read only one book this year-this should be the one.  The characters are interesting,mutually destructive and crazy about destroying each other.  I want to see this movie!
It was a fascinating story but I did not like the way it ended. Sort of left me with a feeling of hopelessness! so these two are going to spend the rest of their lives together looking over their shoulder's?
i have struggled with this book from the first page.....and it never got any better.  you want detail, upon detail over any object, feeling, or thought, this is the book for you.  drove me crazy.  i finally gave up on it....don't waste your money on this sad piece.
The intensity of the plot kept my interest. The changing of characters speaking in first person in each new chapter was stimulating.Flynn wrote beautifully in character development while using descriptive language.
Put one psycho-bitch wife (Amy) together with one narcissistic husband (Nick) and you get one heck of a detonation. Marriage values sure have come a long way...Gone Girl is a suspenseful crime thriller that is absolutely over-the-top intriguing. When the wife goes missing, of course the first suspect is always the husband! In every aspect, the cheating bastard is forever guilty. But wait, just when you have it all figured out, the story comes to its climax, and all hell breaks loose. (It reminds of the movie War of the Roses. Certainly, there is no correlation but the fact that husband and wife stay together with such vengeful dislike, they might as well off each other.) Brilliant story! Absolutely Fabulous! Highly Recommend!
It was not as exciting asd I thought it would be since it was listed on the best sellers list of our local newspaper
I have been waiting forever for this book to be published. Flynn is easily one of my favorite novelists and I have been obsessed with her work since "Sharp Objects". I flew through this in a day, and although I wasn't sure how I felt about the ending at first, as I look back, I feel that it was the right one.I also feel like she has a way with her writing of seeing right through the good and dark parts of the psyche. I am someone who watches a lot of Dateline and 48 Hours because these things intrigue me, this book held the same effect and really is a wonderfully, dark twisted tale.If you have never read her, and you like thrillers, she is for you. If you are the type that reads Jennifer McMahon (sp)books and flys through them only to be down right mad at the ending, I assure you, you will find in Gillian what McMahon lacks. There is the same feeling of crazy storytelling, but in Flynn's books, it's mixed with a trained novelists eye and talent for plot writing.
This will be a good movie when they do it. I enjoyed reading it, but the reviews were misleading. Would recommend it.
I was so sure the wife was the &#34;good guy&#34;, the ending really shocked me.  This book held my interest throughout.
Someone a my book club recommended this book. I was very disappointed in it. I finally gave up on it as it didn't hold my attention.
Everything a married woman wants to do!  First you feel sorry for her then you love her. Take note guts, it could happen to you.
I picked this book up based on other reviews, and I can't say I regret this - I read it in less than a week and only put the book down because I had work. Without giving too much away, the characters in the book pull you along into a great whodunit, leaving you continually guessing - and second guessing - what really happened. Fantastic ending with the characters pulling themselves out of trouble in a really original way.
Started out poorly, got better then ended up with an ending that shouldn't be (and didn't fit the hero's prospective at all) and totally unrealistic! Without giving the book away it's hard to write an accurate review.  Let me just say grammatically and narratively it is well written. The beginning of the book had me screaming " ENOUGH SELF SABBATOGE" to the hero.  By the middle of the book I felt as if ok, now we're getting somewhere and it's getting good but the ending was so wrong and vile on so many levels that it wasn't even unrealistic. The sociopathic co-dependancy thing is very disturbing.  The only reason I've given it 3 stars and not 2 is because it is well written and I know that some may find it worth reading.
I started and stopped reading several times and went to another book. Only finished it when I had nothing else to read. Actually, I skipped a lot of it just to see how it would end. Definitely not my kind of read
With all the good reviews on this book I just knew it was going to be good. This book is terrible and boring a serious waste of money!
I really wasn't sure what to expect after the first few pages, but I was immediately intrigued. The book was a definite page-turner, and I was surprised throughout. The characters are well developed, the story is engrossing and it's not one of those mysteries you solve halfway through. I didn't really like any of the characters but still couldn't wait to see what their next moves. I'm just waiting to hear this will be made into a movie. Buy this book!
The first part of the novel dragged for me, but the second half from the crazy wife's perspective was a fast and interesting read
Well, our modern day Nancy Grace and tv whodunits inspire this interesting and off the wall story of when a wife disappeared. Can't say more without plot spoiling-read and you will not be disappointed.
This book was just way too much fun - and I mean that in a good way.  I'm taking a leisurely drive down the garden path of the story, when BAM - right in the middle it makes a u-turn and we are on the damn highway doing 90 miles an hour (commonly referred to as a plot twist).  Sweet Mother of Mercy!There is not much to say without the risk of giving up some detail that's best left secret.  Soooo many time I wanted to just take one little peek at the end to see what happens to Nick and Amy.  But I didn't.  I survived the heart pounding suspense and made it to the end of a very satisfying read.I must, must must check out more books by Ms. Flynn
wow, amazing read! but then again i'm not surprised, i loved both of her other books too, even though they didn't get the buzz this one did! i've been a gillian flynn fan from the start and this book just goes to show i wasn't wrong! i feel like i can't say too much without giving things away but i was absolutely blown away by parts of this book! as the story goes on it just keeps getting better and darker and is really just ingenious!! i loved the back and forth of the way it was written chapter to chapter and section to section, it made me never want to put it down! every time i got to the end of a chapter i thought to myself well now i have to know what the other side is and you just keep on turning pages until sadly there are no more left to turn! a HUGE RECOMMEND on this one!!
This book was so much fun to read - granted the ending was a bit much...probably could have wrapped it up a bit earlier but cannot wait until the movie comes out.  I had just read Silent Wife and this was a great next read.  You won't want to put the book down - enjoy.
I liked the way this book was written.  It was very unique in that each chapter alternated between the man's and woman's perspective, and the man's perspective was at the present time while the woman's perspective was in the past working toward the present time.  The story had a lot of twists and turns and I found it to be a page-turner.  I couldn't wait to keep reading and find out what happens next.  The only reason why I didn't give it five stars is because I didn't like how the story ended for the characters.  However, this is probably a matter of personal preference. Overall, I would recommend this book.
This is a very well-written and creepy story about a completely dysfunctional marriage and the extreme lengths to which Amy Dunne goes to get the upper hand over her husband, Nick.  Nick proves to be an equal match, however, and as the details emerge and opinions form, it's hard to know who or what to believe.Flynn presents some interesting side characters.  Nick's twin sister, Go, has to question Nick's behavior and his choices and she must choose between her loyalty to Nick and the apparent truth.  Amy's too perfect parents are a puzzling mix of traits.  They are loving and worried about their only child, but have been surprisingly opportunistic as authors of the Amazing Amy series.  Nick's misogynistic father, deep into Alzheimer's, offers plenty of looks into Nick's unhappy upbringing.  Nick's mother is the only pure character in this story and her death leaves Nick without an anchor.The police, newspaper reporters and TV journalists have a heyday with their investigation into the story of Amy's disappearance and their traits are true to the current behavior of real life media.  Add to that some additional bizarre characters from Amy's past, and you're fully submerged into a thick mix of questionable motives and unclear truths.I think the best part of this book is Flynn's look into the strange state of Amy's marriage to Nick and the mind games they play to manipulate each other.  And I think the story's open-ended finish adds to its eeriness.  Excellent and original!
I started this book yesterday and was up until 2 a.m. because I just had to finish it. It's a total page turner, but I'm so bummed about the ending.  Please tell me there's going to be a sequel because I hate the way this book ended.
I've heard nothing but good things about this book and after listening to various coworkers rave about it I had to read it. So I got it on CD to listen to during my commute. This goes to prove that just because "everyone" loves something it doesn't mean I will.I got three tracks into the first CD and I had to give up. I don't know whether it was the excruciatingly in-depth mental process of the main character or the narrator's pendantic style of address but this book is not for me.
This is the second book that I have read by Gillian Flynn and she is truly a master at writing great psychological thrillers.The book begins with a couple of writers who have met, fallen in love and married. They worked for a time in New York but when both are let go from their jobs, they return to his home town in Missouri, supposedly to take care of his aging and ailing parents. He eventually opens up a bar in town with his sister, using money from his wife. It is now the day of their fifth anniversary and he gets a call from a neighbor that the door is open to the house. There are signs of a struggle and his wife is gone.What's happened and who has done what &#8212; its like a classic mystery but the twist comes in the two characters, who I both dislike but can't stop reading about. He lies, its obvious from the start, and she seems to be too good to be true. The surprises just keep happening &#8212; all the way to the end.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn has introduced me to an author I find inspirational and whose skill in the craft of storytelling is awe inspiring.  At every turn of the page I was pulled into the world of her multi-layered characters and given a room by room tour of the spaces inside their heads.  I am a huge fan of character based fiction and for that reason Gone Girl was a great read for me.The situation within the novel, and the thing that is Amy and Nick&#8217;s relationship, which itself becomes something of a character within the story, is rather relatable.  It appeals to that ever present question tumbling around inside the minds of anyone in a serious relationship, &#8220;What is going on inside this persons head?&#8221;  Flynn deftly manipulates and conquers this simple question into an epic adventure through this fictional liaison.  I certainly won&#8217;t get into the plot at all; I will only say I found it very engaging.The standout character is definitely Amy.  Flynn has eloquently captured the essence of her lead female character&#8217;s internal monologue, the way her thoughts are processed, feelings dissected and important pieces of information filed away for use at a poignant time in the future.  Flynn, in an often too close for comfort manner, illustrates the pivotal difference between the internal processing of the female mind verses its male counterpart.While there are several very clever elements within this piece of fiction, there are a couple that stood out to me which I can discuss without revealing the plot.  As I mentioned above Flynn presents an interesting image of the male vs. female take on the same relationship.  What I found interesting was the way Flynn uses her secondary female characters.  While each of them are well crafted and serve their purposes in the chain of events, none of them shine quite as bright as Amy, which is a great tool for accentuating the bold aspects of her character.I also appreciated the writing about writing elements within the story.  Amy&#8217;s diary is very effective as a plot device and was worked into the story in a very crafty way.  The fact that the character of Amy in Gone Girl is actually the inspiration for the character of Amazing Amy, a heroine of a collection of children&#8217;s books within the novel, is another indication of Flynn&#8217;s ingenious fiction writing.This is a smart and wily story with several surprises and exquisitely imagined characters.  I truly had a lot of fun reading Gone Girl and several times throughout felt like I was listening in on a great piece of juicy gossip!  So for all you Book Gossips out there &#8211; this is a must read!
You cannot say a lot about this book without giving away the plot, but I will say I enjoyed it.  I have the opportunity to teach teenagers on accession and when the subject of relationships comes up I usually share that any two people can be happy with each other; just some couples will require a lot more work than others to maintain that happiness.  Gone Girl breaks down a relationship that the two involved did not really get to know each other before jumping into marriage.  Plus the workload to maintain it ends up being incredible.As for the basic plot, I liked the story but found the details a little to far fetched to be believable.  No one with that psychopathy would be able to maintain that long-term of a front without their true character bleeding through the edges.  Specifically they would eventually breakdown and be found out by the masses.  Now I agree they could get away with it once, but not several successive times over many years, especially when the number of people who really know who they are increase.That aside it was a good story and the writing was solid.  Well worth the read and easy to see why it is the it book of the season.
This book had me turning the pages. We read this for a book club among friends. We all liked the book, none of us liked the ending but the author did a good job at writing it so I am sure, you wouldn't like the ending. Lots to talk about!
In the acknowledgements the author states that they got stuck about 80% through the book abd the editor had to help finish. There is a reason the editor is not an author. The ending destroys this book. If a book is a sensual experience, than this book will finish before you are done.I do understand deadlines and publishers demanding a story they have paid for, and yet if the story is not complete, do not waste my time and money please.The book is overpriced for an ebook.Maybe the author will one day go back and actually write an ending to this potentially good story. Till then here are some better choices at half the price.Never Smile at Strangers  Jennifer Minar-Jaynes  2.99Past Imperfect John Matthews  2.99
The writer does a good job of making the reader interested in two fairly unlikeable people.  Great character portrayal and enough twists to make you question the conclusions you've already reached.  Setting of a decaying American town also convincing.  But don't read the book if you're feeling depressed about relationships in general - it's a very cynical read!!!
GONE GIRL was slow to get going - it really started to pick up about half way through the book. I had lots of theories about what was going on and one actually turned out to be correct. I enjoyed it, but got a little bored with the story and just wanted to get to the end so I could find out what really happened.This psychological thriller had a lot of twists and turns and definitely proved the old adage "there are two sides to every story and then there's the truth," to be correct.GONE GIRL chronicles the life of a couple who have been married for 5 years - life is not peachy in their world. The story is told in real time from the husband's perspective and through a diary of the missing wife. I felt like I was reading a story ripped from the headlines - husband and wife have issues and the wife goes missing then the husband is a prime suspect in her possible murder. I will have to say that I was not pleased with how it ended - not at all.For those of you who follow my reviews, this is not a typical read for me - dark, yes - erotic, no. If you are looking for a mystery with a good story, then you should check this one out.
If the measure of a novel is how well you might remember it, say, five years from now ... Then Gone Girl will earn high stars from me for that reason alone.The tale of true love trailing off into nothingness under the strain of real life and serial  disappointment, is eloquently told by Gillian Flynn. This is not your average thriller and the first person voice used to allow the reader into the strange world the protagonists make for themselves is a very effective story telling tool. Nick and Amy are utterly believable, they embark on romance with determination, creating for the audience a magic world so intriguing that it becomes increasingly difficult, with the flick of each page, to put the book down. I was riveted from the start.When the mystery begins, it is a suspenseful thing with a mind of its own, and you the reader, will want to get inside that mind. The whodunit aspect is smartly handled and I doubt that there are many who will guess in advance, not that, that is the premise for the book. Indeed, we are allowed into the secret well before the story has run its course. This is a work about a twisted personality, a one off, an unfathomable lunatic. That said, the controversial elements inherent in the plot that have riled the feathers of many good feminists, are not, in my humble opinion, worthy of ballooning--this is a tale about a special type of crazy, rather than gender-stereotype-crazy. I do not want to spoil the story for the reader, so I'll leave this aspect there. The plot is very sharp; the author has woven 'cunning, clever and quirky'  thickly through every tiny strand of the tale. Be prepared for an unusual and wickedly entertaining story that might leave you chilled to the bone.
I loved this book and I think Gillian Flynn could easily become one of my favorite writers.  This is not my usual genre but I think she is very witty and I loved the way this book was written.  This is certainly a page-turner!
I finished this book, so that says something right there! But overall it was a little disappointing. First we are engrossed with AMAZING AMY and her wanton ways. We love her n'er do well hubby and sister-in-law. Then we see the folly of our ways. She is so conniving, so hateful and so smart, we hate this character in the end. The end of the story is a little disconcerting because the mystery unravels, but this girl is so smart, and so manipulative, that we have to just let it go&#8230;like her husband did. Overall, a good read, but you might be frustrated by the ending.
This is a great read with amazing plot twists and turns.  I read too far into the night as I just wanted to go a little further to see what was next.It starts as a common plot...a husband gets a call at work from a neighbor, telling him his front door is wide open and his cat (indoor only, declawed) is sitting on the front porch.  Rushing home, the husband discovers that there is broken glass and overturned furniture in the living room and the ironing board is set up with the iron still on.  His wife is gone.He calls the police and right when you think you know where this book is going, Nick tells the reader that what he just told the police is the fifth lie he has told them!  Wait!!!...what?So now you know all is not as it seems.Chapters alternate between Nick's telling of this spiraling down story (really, could he look any more guilty?) and his wife Amy's diary entries over the past few years.Nick claims he is being framed but the reader already knows he is a liar and will soon find out he is a cheater, too. He acts inappropriately at the search site and when a plea is made live on TV to help find his wife, he reacts to the pressure with a smile that everyone interprets as guilt.  Then he hires a big time lawyer who is known for getting murdering husbands off.Because the writing is tight and clever, you never know if something that happens is just "background" or a clue.  For example, it is Nick and Amy's fifth wedding anniversary...part of the reason for what is going on?  Or coincidence?You won't be disappointed in this book and you won't guess the ending.  Great book not to be missed!
But I did finish it to see the ending, which was not a surprise.  This book will make a good movie, however.
From the moment Nick announces he has lied 10 times, you will wonder! When did he lie? Is he telling you a lie now? Is Amy telling the truth? Is Amy really dead? Has she been kidnapped? By whom? Who is the "bad guy? Amy? Nick? Go? Maribeth and Rand? Anyone of a several other characters? Is there a "good guy?"Well written and entirely plausible, Gone Girl will keep you guessing to the end.  Book groups will find a wealth of topics for discussion - family, siblings, lawyers, divorce, murder, friendship, mental health, marriage, fame, wealth - among others.Mystery fans and those who prefer love stories or family dramas will find something to love in this psychological mystery.
I have a sort of like/dislike opinion of this book.  I read it as a selection for my book club discussion, otherwise I likely would not have finished it.The writing is good, draws the reader in, but the plot was just plain weird.  Further, the plot takes a total complete turn around midway through the book.  I thought at first it was a mystery style, only to find out it was not a mystery at all.  This is not a who-done-it book, even though it seems to start off that way.  If you are expecting a mystery, skip this one.  Its basically a very sad story about the marriage and life of a very deviant personality. If that is your thing you might like this book.Because of the total change in direction the plot took after the first part of the book, I felt very cheated, like the author had wasted a lot of my time having me read through the first part of the book.  This along with the just plain weirdness of the plot and characters made me feel that this book was a total waste of my time.I am reluctant to say too much regarding why I didn't like the book much for fear of giving away too much for any prospective readers.  I don't want to spoil it for you. I will say that the characters are not likeable, in fact one character is just maddeningly unlikeable and frustrating.  I find it hard to read and enjoy a book in which I dislike the majority of people in the book.
This book is manipulative and annoying with unsympathetic characters but it keeps the twists and turns coming like a roller coaster ride.  I actually hate roller coasters but found this book entertaining enough to keep reading to the end.  The police "investigation" is not at all realistic, and neither is the rest of the novel.  The narrator(s) repeatedly slip in "new information" which means they've been withholding from the reader until then.  And a small aside - Amy watches TV and notes that all the commercials are for tampons and cleaning products.  Huh??? Maybe in 1960 but not now.  All I see are Viagra and car commercials.  Again, the author was wasn't being honest.  I think it was a clever idea but I didn't find the experience particularly satisfying.
I heard so many good things about this book and I have to say the author is clever and it is well written.  The perfectionist desires of Amy magnified due to her situation were very well developed and too many people do think a relationship to be good must be perfect.  But overall these people are so unlikable - I did not want to return to the book to spend more time with them.  I did persevere hoping for that murder/suicide ending - but alas - that did not happen.  It is a very popular book - so someone must enjoy this stuff.  I think the author is good - very good - but I don't like her stories just the same.
I could not stop reading, but when I finished, I was sorry I had spent the time and attention.  Read if you want to be diverted.  Ultimately I found the characters not likable and the hero's ultimate decision creepy.
I read this book after seeing a press release that said Reese Witherspoon bought the film rights.The writing was flawless, imaginative, with twists and turns. I totally saw Reese as the wife up until  midway when the story did a complete 180 degree turn. Normally when I finish a good book, I miss the characters. flaws and all, at least one of the characters. Here I didn't miss anyone and was so glad when the book ended. This was a despicable cast of characters who liked to play dirty.  I hope Reese only produces and doesn't star.
Definately a good read! Written from two perspectives, I like how these are separated by part 1 and 2 of the book. Captivating twists I did not see coming! A very thought provoking deep book. A look into the lives of those who seem completely normal outwards, but very disfunctional at a closer look!
This is a great book!  It was so easy to read and I found myself not wanting to put it down.  I recommend it to anyone who has been &#34;away&#34; from reading for a while because it will remind you how much fun it is to escape into someone else's life for a while.
This is a well written book with loads of things for the reader to delve into trying to understand the twist and turns. However the last twist ends up on a dead end road. I expected much more.
Hated to put this book down....full of surprises.....Never could have anticipated the ending...Lots of fun.  Can't wait for her next book!
I cannot for the life of me understand why so many people are reading this book. The characters are all despicable. The plot is telegraphed right from the beginning. You know exactly where it is going after the first 100 pages. I can only conclude that most of the people who like this book read bodice rippers or enjoy mysteries by the likes of Danielle Steele and Mary Higgins Clark.
This book was so good! A real page turner, definitely kept me interested. I don't know who I was rooting for more: the husband or the wife - both had faults and good points. I thought the ending was definitely fitting and kept thinking about all the twists and turns long after I finished reading. Will definitely recommend to others!
From one of her first books, I thought Flynn would emerge as a fresh contemporary voice of a new writing generation. Instead, in this awful effort, she's emerged as another hackneyed, untalented grind-it-out-for-bucks author. She has no idea how to capture the voice of the male characters. A tough guy doesn't talk like this. And the lead female? Throws the women's movement back into the stone age. It's painfully laborious to make one's way through this tripe.
Like most people who have read this book and tried to review it, I'm finding it difficult to express what I thought of it without giving away any spoilers.  It really is a book that is best read when you don't know very much going in.The summary does hint at some secrets and questions how well you can know your partner or spouse.  So needless to say this book might be a bit disturbing to some because it really does make you think about such things, maybe a little more than you should. This is the first book that really messed with my head and creeped me out.  I don't recommend reading it before bed because I started having strange dreams.Then again, that's just a testament to how well it is written.  I think Gillian Flynn is a genius and it's amazing what she can do with words and the structure of the story, the pacing, the building up of suspense, etc.  So in that sense, this book is outstanding!As for the reading experience, I found it to be a bit slow and it took until part 2 for me to really get immersed in it.  Then it became a total page-turner and a race to the end to find out what would happen.
80% of the book was great. It is the last 20% that ruined it for me. The actions of the main character, Nick, at the end were so non characteristic of him, that it left me with a bad taste in my mouth. Solely because of the ending, I wouldn't recommend this book.
It's Nick and Amy's fifth anniversary. Three years ago, they made the move from their hip New York City condo to an ostentatious yet generic house in the small town of Carthage, Missouri. It was a family necessity. At least that's what Nick keeps reminding Amy. The adjustment hasn't been an easy one. But now it's time to celebrate five years of marriage.Amy always concocts a treasure hunt for her husband, with clues hidden in special places that he must figure out from her cryptic clues. Sometimes they can be more challenging than others, and sometimes they can be more damning too.That morning, Nick gets a call at The Bar, an enterprise he and his twin sister, Margo, have finally taken from a dream to a reality. On the other end of the line, his neighbor informs him that the front door to their house is wide open, and the cat is outside, which never happens. Nick's mood isn't great anyway, and now this. Margo watches him leave with mixed emotions.At home, Nick eases inside, where he discovers signs of a struggle and, ominously, no sign of his wife. What has happened here? The police begin to investigate and, as most people would expect, soon turn their sights on Nick. Amy's little treasure hunt is turning into Nick's worst nightmare.As a former journalist, Nick should have known how his story would look to the public, yet he has a too-calm aspect and comes across as all wrong. Proclaiming his innocence does little to sway anyone, of course, and evidence starts to pile up. Even Margo expresses doubt. Things don't look good for him.In the meantime, readers are treated to Amy's yet-to-be-discovered diary. The entries go back seven years, to the time when she and Nick were dating. She shares how they met, how they played the mating game and how they ultimately got married. Now, in alternating chapters, Nick narrates his tale, then Amy's diary tells hers, at least for Part One, when it changes around a bit.It is easy to like Nick --- that is, until he throws a curve ball into his story. Then, just as you wonder what he meant by that comment and feel the hairs on the nape of your neck start to bristle, he reassures you that he really is a good guy. And Amy? Well, no one is perfect, but in this case, she is Amazing. Her parents are the authors of the famous line of children's books, Amazing Amy. Beautiful, talented, famous, rich and brilliant. Amy Elliott Dunne is all of the above, especially brilliant. So what has happened to her?Whatever you do, don't be lulled into thinking you know what happened until the very last paragraph. By the time you figure it out, you will be gasping, shaking your head, and slapping your temple. You will have been batted around like a ping pong ball in a tight match, and you will feel like you have made just as many turnarounds. The book is, quite simply, ingenious. Gillian Flynn couldn't possibly surprise her readers any more than she has in this amazing thriller. If there ever was a must-read, especially for mystery lovers, GONE GIRL is that. And so much more.Reviewed by Kate Ayers
This story is a psychological thriller about a married couple. Excellent twists and turns keep the reader off balance to the end. Best book I have read in the last couple of months.
Let me start my review with how the ending made me feel when I finished this book a few hours ago. I felt overwhelmed, shocked, satisfied, afraid, and awed. If I was told to sum up this book in one sentence only, it would be this: hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. None, zero, zilch, nada, nothing.Gone Girl is a complex read, but nothing overly complicated. Don't expect to walk away from it unaffected, though. No matter what your gender or what relationship experiences you've had in life - good or bad - you're going to experience a myriad of emotions while reading this novel and relating to these characters in one way or another. It's impossible not to feel something for either or both of them. Depending on your own current or previous experience with a life partner, you're going to pick a side in this book. However hard I tried to understand both these characters and feel compassion for them, I just couldn't. I picked the one who in my opinion was the victim through all that happens in this story, and stuck with that character to the end. Although I have to admit, it wasn't always easy.And here's something else you should know: this book will mess with your mind. It starts out real slow telling you how Nick and Amy met, how they fell in love, and what their relationship was like those first few glorious years. It was such a slow beginning, in my head I had already given it a three-star rating, because I was a little bored with all the theatrics and the giddiness of a new couple who viewed the world and their new relationship through rose-tinted lenses. Around twenty percent into the book, when things pointed to Nick (the husband) as the culprit in his wife, Amy's disappearance, did I get interested enough to continue reading on. Almost halfway into the book, I was completely hooked. Was Amy murdered? Was she kidnapped? Did she run away? Where the heck is Amy, and why is Nick so evasive? I'm sure I had it all figured out.But THEN...Then the author goes, surprise! Whatever you thought you knew? With whomever you think your loyalties lie? Whichever direction you think this is going? You haven't seen anything yet. Folks, I was - as the author had intended - shocked to the core. I didn't see it coming. I never had a clue (even though I thought I did). All the mushy stuff at the start actually had a purpose...as I discovered during the rest of the story. To have created such psychologically intricate minds, such messed-up characters; such vindictive and manipulative personalities, is inarguably the work of a genius mind. A very insightful one at that. Honestly, sometimes it was so emotionally exhausting trying to stay a step ahead, I just had to put the book down and take a breather. But in the blink of an eye, I was reading again. Staying awake until the early hours of the morning, reading in the car, sneaking a peek while at the office, using every opportunity available to get tangled up in the war-zone of the Dunne's nuclear marriage.Gone Girl is not an easy book to read, but every minute spent reading it, makes it worthwhile at the end. The writing is superb, the plot absolutely exceptional and very cleverly done, and the characters flawed, self-righteous, terrifying - a watercolor of the darkest parts of the human mind. This book is a treasure trove of debatable topics perfect as a book club read. I recommend it to everyone over the age of eighteen, no matter what your genre of preference.
On the morning of their 5 year anniversary Amy disappears.  Nick doesn't react quite right, he's worried but he's hiding something (we find this out in the first few pages).  As the investigation into Amy's disappearance continues we find out why Nick is behaving 'odd', still he is a good guy.  Every other chapter is an extract from Amy's diary, starting from the moment they met.  They are such a lovely couple.  Only soon the tone of Amy's diary changes. This, the beginning of this book, perhaps the first 1/3 was amazing, 5 stars - so clever jumping between the stories, filling in the gaps and I thought it was well written.This will contain massive SPOILER.To me it was quite clear that it was only a few ways the book could go.1) Nick killed Amy2) Someone else killed/kidnappend Amy3) Amy faked her own disappearance/murderI would have been disappointed with 1, I strongly suspected 3 but I was hoping it was going to be number 2 and it would continue in the same clever way it had started. Sadly it was number 3.Amy is a full blown sociopath who have spent almost a year getting everything ready to get Nick convicted of her murder.  For me everything goes downhill from there in the book.  Everything was so 'perfect' (read unrealistic) in Amy's plan but yet Nick knows Amy well enough to know what to say to tempt her home. It was utterly predictable and both the characters are filled with hate. And it just doesn't finish with her coming home, she creates an another clever trap to keep Nick with her, a baby.  It just couldn't wait for it to be over with and the ending was even more dreadful than expected.  Just awful...
Well, I was expecting more. But I did enjoy it. It was a different kind of story with twists and turns. I don't know how mystery writers do it. Are they pansters and just write without even knowing where their stories will lead? I don't know. The idea for the story was great. But there were a few moments the story was slowing down, and I just didn't know or cared where it was heading. Some of the things didn't seem important.What I loved is that the writer told it using strong character voices. She didn't shy away from the language or sick scenes to create the mood. Life feels like s*** sometimes, and you can't forget that after reading this book.The writer conducted a great amount of research.I believe that the story could have been stronger if the writer would chose active voice over passive one. On a good side, the writer sees details like a hawk letting you feel with characters.
This book reminded me of certain movies that are excellent but which I have no desire to ever see again because they're so depressing ("Leaving Las Vegas" and "No Country For Old Men" come to mind)."Gone Girl" is a great twist on the classic murder mystery, with a victim who's not really a victim and the villain turning out to be the last person you'd expect. It's a well-written book, but not one I'm in a hurry to read again. I don't demand happy endings all the time, but I read books (and watch movies) to be entertained, not depressed. I want there to be some hope for the future in my endings, some lesson learned, some hint of redemption in even the most immoral characters.When I got to the ending of this book and realized the two main characters are stuck with each other for the rest of their lives, I thought "You two deserve each other, so I'll leave you to it. Good riddance!"I gave it an extra star for the skillful look into two very depraved minds, but don't think I'll be reading it again anytime soon.
When I read the first half of the book, I couldn't figure out why it was so popular. I'm into the second half now and am enjoying it more. It is finally getting to be a page turner.
There was so much hype about this book I could not wait to read it! However, I was very disappointed. I found the story full of implausibilities which makes it difficult to enjoy on any level. I rushed through the end of the book just to get it over with. Don't waste your money on this one!
This was a really great &#34;edge-of-your-seat&#34; book.  If they haven't made a movie from it yet, it's probably just a matter of time.Fast paced,  entertaining and the ending leaves you scratching your head for quite some time. I read it in one day on the plane home between London and Houston. Admittedly, it was a long day, but I didn't want to put it down.
Frighteningly insightful about the deterioration of infatuation in a relationship. And a good mystery as well. Easy to imagine it as a movie with Ben Affleck and Naomi Watts.
I kept hearing about this book, but never had the chance to buy it. I got it for my birthday, and couldn't put it down. It grabs you from the beginning and takes you on a very thrilling ride. Twists, turns, and amazing shocks that make you ask yourself, "How did this author pull this off?" I gave it four stars though as I was very disappointed in the ending. I don't want to give anything away, but felt it should have ended a few chapters back. Otherwise, brilliant story, brilliant writer.
I would have given it 5 stars if not for the s***ty ending.An awesome rollercoaster ride, the highest praise for the freakin insane plot and malice of a woman scorned.I was giddy over hoping that either one of our main characters was REALLY gonna get it... I started out on Amy's side, then switched to Nick's side (poor bast@rd.)  And I couldn't stop reading to find out which one...  the plot is THAT GOOD!  but alas... a total night reading through for THAT ending... I do admit I love the last little surprise, but dang if I am not still disappointed.
This book is very intriguing with well developed characters and a twisted plot. I haven't been so enthralled with a book in a long time. I love this writer and this story is my favorite out of her collection.
After wondering about this book all summer, I bought it as a Christmas gift for my self. I started it reading on Christmas Eve. Christmas day around 10:00pm I was at Part 2 and I couldn't stop after that. I put my kids to sleep and I was up till 1:30am finishing the book and after that horrible ending I couldn't fall asleep. Ms. Flynn ruined my day off with my kids for me...I agree almost every thing people said in the 4 and 5 star reviews but I also agree the 1 stars. Flynn is brilliant. She is a great writer. I wish I had her talent. Great character development, intriguing plot, well-thought, well-written dialogues, good research. (It really shows how much she studied police investigations, ( a lot of CSI), Midwest life, mind of a psychopath) but then comes that horrible ending...After a wonderful thrill ride of 414 pages, comes page 415 and it is awful, terrible, disgusting... a lot of things all at once. Ending ruins the book.May be she wants to write a sequel but again this ending does not fit the book. It puts a big ugly hole into her well thought plot and great writing. Because the ending makes everything she wrote before page 415 unbelievable, if it was this easy to fool us... why ... why ... If I fill in the blanks, it would contain spoilers...So here is my 2 cents after sacrificing my precious sleep to finish this book:I would definitely suggest thriller lovers to read this book. It is one of the best books I've read this year ( and I read quite a few), but may be read up to page 397. Stop there and wait for Gone Girl 2 for the ending to make sense.
Read this in 3 days and loved the back and forth between Nick and Amy, for about 3/4 of the book.  At that point, the plot became ridiculous.  Hated Hated Hated the ending.  Did the author really have to resort to such a cliche? I have to agree with another reviewer, seems like the author ran out of ideas and just ended the book.  The story could have been so much better, but in the end did not live up to its potential. Giving it 3 stars instead of 2 because I did enjoy most of the book.
The book started off slow with not much going on, except information that made the book a better read towards the middle to the very end. Gone Girl is a book that is hard to put down.
This is a well written book with interesting characters that you love and hate. It's not your typical crime novel.  Good summer reading!
I read this book about half way through but couldn't finish it - I just couldn't get invested in these characters or their problems and had no interest in what happened to them. I was expecting a lot because of all the great reviews this book got but it didn't work for me.
Great sentences!I think the story is clever and the characters interesting.This is not a complicated story but it offers a few surprises that keep a reader reading.
A very well thought out book about how things can go really, really wrong when a meticulously evil planner is bent on revenge. Very well thought out and written.
One of the most engaging books I've read in a long time.  Characters are totally despicable but the plot is fascinating.  Although it may be farfetched, also seems to be a metaphor for marriage and relationships that may be more ordinary.
In hindsight, I'm not sure what I expected when I ordered this book.  I had just read a review in the magazine the author had been a critic for.  Great review for a thriller with twists and turns.  Well, that much is true and the book is well written.  In fact, it's very wordy.  However, I'm one of those people who likes to care for at least one of the characters.  The more I read, the more I hated both the husband and the wife.  Each chapter was written from either the point of view of the husband or the wife and the chapters would jump from present to the past and back.  Eventually I began to jump around to chapters in the book.  Something I never do. Would I recommend this book.  Maybe but not likely.  It left me with a sour feeling when I finished it.  I would probably avoid future books from Ms Flynn.  I recently learned this book will be made into a movie...one, rest assured, I will not see.
I guess you could say I like the unexpected, and this novel definitely delivered that for me. The story is told from several different characters' viewpoints so you get the experience you would get if you were watching a movie. I liked the style of this novel, and the theme of revenge was deliciously told. If you've ever been wronged and only dream of revenge, you can live vicariously through these characters' lives and relish how they achieved their own justice.
I loved, loved, LOVED the first two thirds of this book. The characters are so interesting and when you think you have it all figured out, things start twisting in a different direction. But I also hated, hated, HATED how it ended. It had so much potential and I imagined so many different ways it could've ended, so I was incredibly disappointed at the end. I still think it's a good read, you'll just have to imagine a better ending in your head like I did.
This book is so meh, the characters so ridiculous and boring, the plot so dull and the "insights" so trite, I'm thinking if it was published pretty much anyone could take a crack at writing a novel. I don't care one bit what happens to any of these characters. None of the "twists" surprised me. Wanna read a good book? Try "Cruddy." It's so well written you won't be able to decide whether to laugh or scream...not yawn, like I did quite often with this book.
I wouldn't recommend this book.  I don't understand why it's been a best seller for so long.  The first half of the book was downright boring.  I didn't like any of the characters.  The storyline is predictable and there are some serious flaws with the ending.
The plot in the book was thrilling and you wanted to keep reading to find out what would happen next. However, the amount of dirty language was NOT necessary. That  made it good but definitely not great.
Liked the story line starting about halfway through.  Initially I struggled to understand what the fuss was about but once the twists started then it got interesting.  I think I would have liked a different ending though.  Left me feeling open and without closure.  Maybe it's so there's an opportunity for another installment?  Overall an interesting read.
I haven't been this emotionally involved in a story for years; I have not been as impressed with the intricacies of detail, of character depth, of mystery novel possibly ever. It is alarmingly, glaringly real...which is awesome and scary all in one; a blinding annoying light shoved in your face, illuminating the darkest corners of the human psyche. And the language made me feel like I was being told the best bar story ever. It's a real mind freak...you're gonna love it!!!
I was totally entranced. I purchased it after hearing the author on Face the Nation! New one for me, but an entirely enjoyable read. Funny and engrossing.
This book is SO welcome in that IT IS DONE IN A VERY, VERY DIFFERENT STYLE OF WRITING! From beginning to end-one wantsto know the truth of the story but tis not forthcoming.  nor is much of a backgroound story on his wife,  we don't really understand anything much of her previous life - which I believe would have made a most welcome addition to the story line.
It's a well written book but the story wasn't for me. I didn't like any of the characters and ended up just finishing it to get it over with. I will try this author out again because, like I said the writing and pacing was quite good.
You get two viewpoints about a couple's lives where evil thoughts lurk and playing them out equals a good read as you want to find out what happens.  The ending is much different than I thought it would be.
This book has so many tests and turns I found it hard to stop reading. Excellent book with many surprises.
I read this book for my book club, and really had trouble getting into it.  None of the characters were very likable.  The only thing that kept you going was wanting to know how it could possibly end.  Maybe better in movie format.
Sensational novel! This truly is a psychological thriller if ever there was one. Unlike typical "who dunit" stories where the author leads you in one direction then the next, this story just flowed easily and without interruption. I read A LOT, so usually before the 'mystery' is revealed I've already solved the case and know exactly where the story leads - that is most definitely not the case here. There were more twists and turns in this tale than on my favorite roller coaster. I COULD NOT figure this out, not completely anyway, even up until the last page. I really do not understand any of the negative reviews unless they come from people that aren't avid readers or readers of this genre. I can not recommend this enough. I suggest for anyone that just loves a good book to grab this one quick. In my opinion this definitely is a must read for everyone.
The first third of the book drew me in, the next third had me trying to hurry through to get to the end because I wanted to just cross it off the list of read books.  I figured it couldn't get worse.  It did! I hated this books ending.  I think she just didn't know how to wrap up the characters so she just leaves it.  Horrible book!!
I had been dying to read this book for several months and it came up short for me. It started off exciting with some twists and turns then things got very predictable. Was not a huge fan of how the story developed and turned out, not one of my favorites from Flynn.
This book is brilliantly plotted with well developed characters but the ending was totally unsatisfying ending for me. It took me some time to understand it - she ended the book in a way that stays true to her characters and while I can appreciate that as a writer, as a reader I wanted something more. Characters should grow and change and learn over the course of the book and in the end, these people were no different than they were at the beginning. That was a disappointment.Not sure I'll read other books by this author.
Overall i really liked this book. I have never read a book of this sort before, so it was a little hard to follow along with at first. I kept reading other books instead. So i finally forced myself to read it. Then i really got into it. Lots of twist and turns. My biggest disappointment was the return and the story from that point. The characters just became weak and somewhat annoying after that. Maybe i was just hoping for too much. But, non-the-less, it was a great read.
I have to say I really did enjoy this book throughout it's entirety but had to give it only 4 stars because I was disappointed with the ending of the book.  I was waiting for that &#34;big moment&#34; to happen and it never did.  But all in all, it did have me drawn in from the very beginning.
It was a great read,but  I didn't like the ending. Amy was a crazy  almost  unbelievable character, a little too much.
Oh how horrible.  I really tried to read this book.  I started out reading every word and pretty quickly started skimming.  It wasn't long before I was turning multiple pages at a time just trying to find where "the good part" starts.  I couldn't find that part anywhere in this book.  After this complete waste of time I'm convinced you can buy your way onto the NY best sellers list.  I'm just glad I borrowed this book from someone and didn't actually spend money on it.
Forced myself to finish the book.  Was really disappointed with the ending and much much of the f word.  Don't waste your time reading this one.
This was a really good read.  One of those that you don't want to stop reading to make dinner for the family... just toss them microwave meals.  It keeps you hooked thru the whole thing. The story continues to develop with every page.  The characters all play a significant part to the story.
Some books are impossible to review accurately with the risk of spoilers. In the case of Gone Girl, Gillian Flynn's third crime thriller, the trouble isn't so much that I have to give away specific plot details as that I have to discuss the narrative structure in a way that might make alert readers able to predict some of those details when they otherwise wouldn't have. Those who want to experience the novel without such inadvertent guidance should avoid reading beyond the first paragraph of this review, and content themselves with this capsule statement: Gone Girl is a compelling page-turner, but turns away from the insight into real human behavior that might have made it a literary as well as a plot-driven triumph.That ultimate lack of insight is all the more disappointing because the book initially suggests a nuanced and thoroughly contemporary character study. The protagonists, Nick Dunne and his wife Amy, were writers in New York City until the economic downturn left them both jobless. The nearly-simultaneous news that Nick's mother was terminally ill made a move back to his Missouri hometown seem like a good idea. But within two years their already-fragile relationship is so strained that when Amy disappears on the morning of their fifth wedding anniversary, Nick soon becomes the prime suspect. His first-person narration of events after the disappearance alternates with Amy's diary entries about their life together, and between the two accounts there are enough questions raised to make a reader wonder whether Nick, an admitted liar, is really capable of murder.This first section of the novel, which takes up about half of its 400 pages, is a brilliant blend of plot development and character work. Both Nick and Amy are complicated, frustrating, ultimately sympathetic human beings, and the emotional dynamics of their marriage, which threaten to undermine their obvious mutual love, reflect modern problems of gender, gender roles, and sexism. Nick is a bit of a cad, spoiled, selfish, sometimes petulant, often blind to his wife's needs, while Amy is so concerned with being a generous, understanding, non-traditional wife that she can't bring herself to admit the existence of those needs. All this plays out against the backdrop of the uncertain modern economy, in which not just the Dunnes but their neighborhood of abandoned McMansions, their town of unemployed, rootless indigents, seem permanently perched on the brink of disaster. If the rest of the book had maintained this emphasis on character and setting, Gone Girl would have been one of my favorite novels of the year.Instead, the halfway point brings a plot twist that throws everything you think you know into doubt. As a story development this is mostly well achieved, though one of the devices used verges on a narrative cheat and I'm not sure of the plausibility of certain points. The problem is that the revelation completely undermines the established characterization, and what replaces it isn't nearly as interesting as the Nick and Amy you thought you were reading about. Personalities like the one that dominates the second half of Gone Girl do exist, but they're rare in real life and overexposed in crime fiction, where they allow for twisty plotting and chilling (but ultimately less than profound) character study. As a story this one is indeed satisfying-- I read the last 200 pages in a single sitting-- but it doesn't really have anything to say about the world we live in. Near the end there's something approaching a theme about the nature of love, but the character and plot points involved are so exaggerated that its deeper relevance is minimal.Here as in her first two books, Gillian Flynn is a sharp, distinctive, often funny writer whose prose is compulsively readable without sacrificing character voice. She knows how to contrive and select details and incidents that make her protagonists distinctive as individuals yet recognizable as people dealing with universal human dilemmas. And she can shape a plot like nobody's business. Unfortunately, in the case of Gone Girl the latter skill works to the detriment of the former ones, with story swallowing theme and character. The book does too much too well not to earn a recommendation, but it's also a deeply frustrating experience.
Great book, such twists and turns! It has provoked much discussion - everyone who read it enjoyed it, and has recommended it
There had to have been a fierce bidding war to secure the rights for the film adaption of this because it has all the makings of a deliciously wicked thriller. The seemingly perfect couple, their fifth wedding anniversary, and she disappears without a trace. Told through alternating chapters narrated by him on the day of the disappearance, and her diary entries beginning years before, Flynn creates a portrait of a marriage that  is laser sharp in it's precision, which means uncomfortably honest enough you find yourself cringing and giggling at the same time. The first half of the book moves at a measured pace with a slow roll out, but without giving anything away, she suddenly ratchets up the stakes, and straps you in for a wild ride, that I found myself hard pressed to get off of until it all played out.
It's a novel full of twists and turns that satisfies anybody craving a good mystery laced with the kind of poisonous affair that made WHO'S AFRAID OF VIRGINIA WOOLF? so compelling. At the heart of the book is the dark territory where men and women merge, and the battleground that leaves both hollow and feral simultaneously. GONE GIRL has its share of melodrama, but it is always sprinkled in with brilliant dialogue and witty observation. It moves at the speed of a freight train, and it's the perfect summer read!
If it weren't for a couple of caricature characters--most notably Desi--I would have given this novel 5 stars all the way.
Gone Girl is astounding. It is a gripping story of the courtship and marriage of a narcissist and a sociopath who appear to be experiencing the normal setbacks of life during our recent financial meltdown: job loss, relocation, mounting debt, family illness etc. etc. It is easy to identify with them individually which makes it harder to know who to root for when the wife disappears on the morning of their fifth wedding anniversary and the husband becomes the prime suspect. Another astounding read I would recommend isHolding Housethis will take you on one amazing journey!!!!
This book simply was not for me. It is incredibly well-written, but that's about all I can say for it. I hated the characters, hated the plot, and struggled to finish it. The last forty pages were a death march.I give it three stars because of the aforementioned writing quality, and because I am sure that those who have different tastes when it comes to characterization and plot would love the book. Plus, any book that can make me hate it with such a fiery passion has something going for it.In any event, I will be reading more of Ms. Flynn's work.
This book was very twisted.  It shows what two married people can do to each other and how quickly love can turn to hate and obsession.  Amy was a complete psychopath and the most manipulative, devious woman I've ever encountered in literature.
After reading many reviews on this book, decided to order it. I never really liked any of the characters and the writing style was kind of off to me. So, needless to say, I will probably not read other books by this author. Apparently, I'm in the minority and maybe I will connect with the movie version better, although movies are very rarely better than the book.
The writing, plot twists & character developement were amazing. This was my first Gillian Flynn novel but it will not be my last. The story was tight and plausible. It will make you grateful of your choice in spouse. I cared about what happened to Amy and Nick and will miss them - that is the highest praise I can offer as it usually does not happen.
THERE ARE NO SPOILERS WITHlN!Why are you reading this?If you had any sense, you'd be running to the store to buy this book...or better yet, just click your mouse a couple of times and have it whisked to you via Amazon.  Whatever gets it to you the quickest.Because you should absolutely be reading this book right now.  I used to think Ruth Rendell was the craziest murder thriller writer out there...the one who didn't just follow the footprints of the killer and put you in the room with him, but got you right inside his (or her) mind.And now I must add Gillian Flynn.This is more than just a terrific read, it's an absolute thrill ride; told from the point of view of both Nick and Amy, husband and wife, this is the story of a marriage gone foul.  Horrendously foul.It all begins when Amy goes missing, suddenly, a couple of hours after making breakfast for her husband on the morning of their fifth anniversary.  He gets the call at the bar he and his twin sister co-own, and when he returns home he finds his once comfortable house is now a crime scene awash with blood and overturned furniture.  And when the police get involved, the case of a missing wife turns extremely ugly.Because if Nick's innocent, why does every piece of evidence point to him? And WHY is he saying and doing such ridiculously incriminating things?There is scarcely any down time in this novel: Nick gets a call that the door to his house is wide open on page 22, and from that moment on he is spiraling down a greased chute of suspicion, guilt, and recrimination.  Since Nick's and Amy's sides of the tale are told in alternating chapters, you might wonder how the reader is kept in suspense, but Amy's side of the story is told from the point of view of her diary, and it is particularly through her entries that we get to discover a side of Nick that doesn't look good at all.And there's more, so much more: as the police get involved and the evidence at the house points to a staged fight, as one might guess all signs point to Nick.  But as Nick tells his side of the story and we begin to learn more about him, he and the case of his missing wife begin to peel away like metaphorical layers of an onion, and what we discover about their marriage, and about them, grows increasingly dark (more about this dark side later).Because Nick is under pressure now: under the white-hot glare of not only the police investigation, but also the public outcry led by a vengeful celebrity talk-show host, Nick's foundations are rooted out and torn from him.  Even his twin sister---the person closest to him his whole life--begins to see him as a foreigner, alien to her.  It is all Nick can do to even exist.And that's when things start turning seriously sinister.Let me tell you this: I'm a clever guy, and I'm always trying to think ahead of the story I'm reading, but there are surprises in this story that rocked me.  I mean, there are places in this novel where no force of nature or man could have torn me away from my reading...I'm not kidding.  It's that compulsive a tale.  My biggest problem lay in not being able to tell someone what I was reading--I just had to talk about this story.So, without telling you a thing about the plot other than what you'd read on the book flap--I sit here in my den, typing on my processor, imploring you to read this tale.  EVEN WHEN IT PLAYS ITS HAND, even when it lays its cards in front of you and shows you how it has played you, this novel still has surprises in store.For that's really where the true secret of "Gone Girl" lies: not in the footsteps we follow to find out what happened, but in the mind of its perpetrator.  It's a tale that thrills in the fraying of nerves as it takes its twists and turns--especially when you find out it's been playing with your mind all along.In regards to those reviews of one- and two-stars, I will add one piece of advice: yes, the ending IS dark.  This mystery is not going to wrap up everything in one happy little ball--understand that.  But really, I would have been disappointed if it had.I loved "Gone Girl," and I'm on my way to get "Sharp Objects" and "Dark Places," her two previous works.  Flynn has decidedly earned my respect.Now--stop reading and BUY IT!!
Really enjoyed this book .Very imaginative story ,wonderfully well paced ,I will be looking for more Gillian Flynn books . A little disappointed by the ending ,but accept the plot was so marvellous and suspense so well maintained that it was hard to find any other ending .
Horrible!  Starts out ok.  Great writing?  How about the F-word on every page? This is a downer book with no redemptive quality.  All the characters are evil with no positive turn around.  The ending is horrible.  I would not recommend this book to anyone and I don't know how it's been on every best seller list.  I'm glad I downloaded it from the library and didn't buy it.
Gone Girl is one of those "can't put it down" novels. The plot gets tighter and more disturbing as the story unfolds. The reader is constantly pulled one way and then the next as you try to put together the truth behind the husband and wife characters. As the intricate plot unfolds the reader is propelled into their disturbing world, and you know there is not going to be a happy-ever-after ending. But the ending hits you unexpectedly. A great read and entertaining story.
All the time I was enjoying this book I was thinking to myself that it was too convoluted. Still I enjoyed the book immensely, except for the ending. The ending is unique, but not satisfactory to this reader, though that might be more a flaw in myself then the book.
I heard amazing things about this book before I read it. I also heard that the ending was weird, and that a lot of people didn't like it. I wouldn't let anyone tell me why they didn't like the ending, and I'm not going to tell you guys either. I don't do spoilers! After reading it though, I completely agreed that the story was good, but the ending fell a little flat for me. That's not saying I didn't like it...it was just such a shock, and something that you don't usually see in books. For this reason, I respect Gillian Flynn for stepping way out of the box. KUDOS girl! The whole book was a definite mind-you know what.i thought that "Gone Girl" took a little while for the story to pick up, but once it did...everything fell into place and made complete sense. It started out 'slow' for a reason. And then you realize it really wasn't slow at all.I would recommend "Gone Girl" by Gillian Flynn to Mystery and Thriller fans. People who like a good story that will blow their mind will definitely enjoy this book. If you are looking for something with lots of twists and turns, finger pointing with whodunits, just to get more twists and turns, and a whole lot of "What the...?!" --- then check this book out. Gillian Flynn knows how to write a mystery and keep you on the edge of your seat with lots of suspense...turning the pages as quick as you can finish them, and not wanting to put the book down. She knows how to write a story so good, that whether or not you liked it, you'll be talking about it. It will stay with you after reading it, and you'll want to run and tell someone about it. Tell them how much you loved it, hated it, were shocked by it, or whatever! But you're going to want to talk about it!4 out of 5 stars!Happy Reading!Brianna Lee Book Reviews
It took me a while to get really into the book and when I finally did,I couldn't put it down..............if keeps you on your toes but j hated the ending !
I suspect we'll see good things from Gillian Flynn down the road, as there are things that I liked a lot about her writing. The character of Nick was consistent for the most part but Amy was not. I didn't believe her as a character and certainly didn't believe she'd go in the directions that she eventually did. I just feel like the storytelling didn't support Amy's actions.Flynn credits her husband for putting up with what she calls inappropriate questions about being male. She really listened to him. As a man, I believed Nick's behavior.There were times when I just had to skip huge chunks because they seemed unnecessary. Other parts were pretty predictable. But for her third venture into fiction, the book was entertaining. I was, however, very disappointed in the climax.
Mind games between the major characters plus the author and reader. You don't need to like the characters to love this book. Twisted minds and twisted plot (in  good way). Have fun with this page-turner.
Don't know what all the fuss was about. This is a silly book. Chick lit at its facile worst. Don't waste your money or time.
With out spoiling anything its hard to explain why I didn't like this book so much. There had been a lot of hype around the book, more than I think there should be. It became tedious at points and felt like a made for TV movie. I had little compassion for any of the characters and by the end felt as though they all deserved each other.
At first this was a hard book to get going into. But kept reading by everyone loved it. After a few more chapters I became addicted and ended up loving it. Great read
First the first half of this book I was awestruck, particularly at the writing, so clever, so funny, so well-expressed. The problem was the last third when it all got too unbelievable and contrived. But I am still giving it 4 stars - five for the first half,three for the second.
Really what else is there to say that hasn't been said?I couldn't put it down in section 1. It was everything I wanted in a book UNTIL IT WASN'T.Section 2 .... words fail me. I wanted to punch the author in the throat. Literally.Everything from this point on was like a bad, cheesy, lifetime movie. And the ending..... made me set on never ever ever ever reading another Gillian Flynn book. Like ever.
Quirky, interesting characters; not particularly likeable, especially as the story progresses, but definitely interesting. Several times I wanted to leave the story, hence the 4 stars, but it was more through a dislike of the character at that particular point than bad writing. In fact it's well written with a decent pace and certainly keeps you interested, if not invested in the characters. I'd recommend if you're looking for something different and slightly unsettling.
I wasnt sure about this book the first few pages.  However after that I was hooked. I loved all the twists in the story. I didn't know who to root for-Nick or Amy.
I wish I could unread this book - The book is divided into three sections, and the first section kept me on edge, wondering what would happen next - I read the second and third only because I always finish a book - this was terrible and totally unrealistic.  I found this to be totally predictable and uninteresting
Good book! I could not put this book down! I wasn't a huge fan of the ending, but overall, I really liked it. Definitely worth reading!
I didn't seem to love this as much as a lot of other people did, but it was definitely enjoyable and kept my interest for most of it. I thought it kind of dragged out towards the end, but it was pretty exciting and kept you guessing.
The book definitely has a great plot and it keeps you guessing. However, I found myself in Awe at the end of the book. The thought process to come up with such a crazy plot is a bit frightening. Both of the main characters are justifiably insane.
This book set the bar and set it HIGH. So far I've been searching for a book that knocked me out of my chair and had me hanging on for dear life. None have met this book or even come close. This book is a phenomenal study in the workings of marriage and the emotional toll it can take on people. Chock full of twists and turns and great character development that leaves you wondering who exactly you're rooting for. I cannot stress enough that everyone should give this book a try. It is by far my favorite reed since Duma Key and 11/22/63 by Stephen King. WOnderfully compelling and extremely exciting. The hardest part was the end because it was over. I don't know how she's going to top this book and part of me wonders if she will. I read both her other books and they are just as good, but not on the same level of Gone Girl. Flynn is raw and unedited and the book shows she has no limits. Looking forward to her next novel. I will say, I wonder how the movie will turn this out, but I know I'll be one of those people saying "It will never be as good as the book" when the credits roll. Must read for anyone. PERFECT beach read.
I'm completely mind blown from this book!!! Not what I was expecting at all! I can't wait to read more from this author!
I have loved every Gillian Flynn book that I've read!  She is great and this is a great read!  Great twist!
Really??  I absolutely hated the ending. Why would she leave us hanging like that? The book overall was good. The beginning was quite confusing and it wasn't until about  a quarter of the way in the book, I actually realized what was going on, and at that point really didn't want to put it down.
I read this book after seeing a preview for the movie, and I have to say it has been the best book I've read all year. I read it in three days, very interesting plot and an ending you would never expect! I can't wait for the movie, I feel Ben Aflec will play nick perfectly.
Dark and suspenseful, a really great read! Finished in a few days!! Since I liked this book so much, I will now be getting a few more from this author!
Great book! I started out loving Amy and Nick as a couple, to just liking them, to only liking Nick, to hating Nick and loving and feeling sorry for Amy, then to feeling sorry for Nick and absolutely despising psychotic Amy!! The suspense in this book is teeth clenching good! Gillian Flynn is a brilliant woman to have written such an amazing book with such gripping story line. I wish I had more words to say about this book but the only thing I have left to say it....READ IT...it's brilliant!
You read some books on the bestseller list and you go, hunh? Not this one. Gone Girl deserves its place in the pantheon and will be on people's lists for years to come.The greatest strength of the book is neither its intricate plot nor the devious interplay between the characters; it's the language. This author has more than an ordinary gift. She can make the words jump right off the page and bite you with their truth, and with dark humor. Zingers can be found on every page. Reading Gone Girl felt like a weekend on some hallucinatory drug. It made me queasy at first, then just one long high that kept getting more and more intense.More than 5000 other reviews have been written before mine, so I won't bother to summarize the plot. If you read just one book this year, read Gone Girl.
It was slow to get into but about halfway in I couldn't stop. Very good book and I will recommend to anyone.
Definitely kept you on the edge of your seat throughout the whole book! I could not put it down.Definitely recommended!
Requested and received this book for Christmas.  It was on list after list and seemed to be highly recommended.  Wish I had read the reviews before I asked for it.  Could have used that money for a Starbucks card.Like many others, I stuck with it thinking it would have some sort of resolution.  Certainly had potential. How very, very disappointing and a total waste of my time. I will never pick up a book by this author again.I don't understand this trend with authors and editors to leave the reader hanging. When I plunk down good money and invest my time, I want a story worthy of all the hype.  This one does not deliver.
This very popular book missed me by a mile. I disliked the phony diary technique. I also found myself disinterested in a protagonist who seemed a true sociopath/psychopath. We all know what those people do and how sticky they can be; the variations are much less interesting in fiction than in some biographical works.
This is a superbly written book. When Amy goes missing from the family home the police naturally think Nick is guilty. Is he?Read the book, find out for yourselfI loved it because it was continually unexpected - I am very good at guessing plots and this one kept me wondering.Even now
Oh, I know. How can I say such a convoluted book is predictible. It's because all of the usual characters are there. There's the Drew Peterson character, acting bizarrely upbeat in the face of his wife gone missing. There's the Nancy Grace character persecuting the husband based on questionable "facts." And of course, there's the parade of newsreaders camped out wherever they might find a suspect or police detective into whose face they might thrust a microphone to answer their inane questions.The use of personable diary-like stories by each of the main characters gave it away for me, along with the title and the treasure hunt. The treasure hunt especially was a telling clue as to what was going on.No single person in the array of characters was in the least bit surprising. Desi, as rich as he was, was incredibly stupid in not being able to recognize when he was being manipulated. After awhile, people with money develop a manipulation radar. You have money. Other people want it. They will try to charm you out of it.Along with Desi and the others mentioned above, there's the girl's parents, the loser neighbor, the girl in the bar, the Johnny Cochran lawyer, all behaving as we know they will.If anyone had not acted in conformity to what the author seems to think is our American way of justice, the story might have sustained my interest.But I believe that the police are smarter than such books as these give them credit for.
The mystery of the story I liked best.The ingenuity of the plot I loved.I really liked the two main characters as flawed people and I wanted them both to win
SUSPENSEFUL NOVEL ENDS IN AN UNFORESEEN AND (TO ME) AN UNWARRANTED CONCLUSION.  WHILE AN OPTIONAL ENDING WOULD BE MORE &#34;PREDICTABLE&#34; AND THUS NOT &#34;UNIQUE&#34; THE AUTHOR HAS MADE THE ENDING TO THIS UNREWARDING.
Sha-nanigans. A surprising, suspenseful and smart story which I have to imagine has more *truth* than fiction about that thing called marriage. This is my second Gillian Flynn novel and she is all dark and twisty and witty in all the right ways. I am not normally a "mystery" reader, mainly because the writing tends to be 2-dimensional, as do the characters. Not with Gillian Flynn. She is thought-provoking, smart, and entertaining. Perfect combo.
I just love when a book is so exciting you can't wait to sit down and read more.  Gillian Flynn writes magnificently.  Her descriptions are so vivid and believable, the story seems so real.  And when, half-way through the book, the big surprise occurs, it is totally unexpected.  I was so amazed by the incredible writing in this book, that I immediately downloaded two of her others.  And, so far, I have not been disappointed.
Be prepared for outstanding twists & turns in this story of a man & woman in conflict.Easy to read & relate to in this modern day romance gone array.
This book kept rolling along in terms of suspense, with plenty of sustained conflict. A great plot twist was cleverly introduced. I liked this book a lot, right up until the end when I was a bit disappointed. I felt like the author just wrapped things up when she could have introduced another twist (easy for me to say).
I couldn't stop reading this, it hooked me for sure, many twists and turns in the plot but a bit too gory for a 5 star rating
Crazy story and an enjoyable read.  I usually don't enjoy books/TV when I can't stand the main characters but this worked.  Great twist and I'm looking forward to the movie coming out.
One of the best believable books I've read, in a long time. I would highly recommend it,in fact I have to all my friends.
This book was a turn off my usual reading but man oh man did it have me guessing. Looking forward to the movie and how the ending is re-written for the big screen.
Really excellent mystery. I didn't read it for a long time after it was recommended, but bought it for a vacation read and I'm glad I did.
Well I started reading this book because it was getting rave reviews and I have to say I am REALLY disappointed. The ending was totally unresolved. I'm sorry but I like my stories to have some sort of definitive ending. The whole time I was waiting for some big twist, but there really wasn't any. And then I was hoping for some justice and punishment for the villian and there wasn't any of that either. I guess after reading "Hunger Games" and "Fifty Shades of Grey" my standards are kinda high. Oh well. I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone. Not worth it.
This delightfully twisted tale has so many surprises even the die-hard deductor will not predict the next move.Flynn is a master at speaking with each &#34;voice&#34; and cleverly pulls our allegiance from one protaganist to the other (and back again).  It isn't pretty but it's fascinating!
I never ever stop reading a book, this was chosen by my book club and everyone said that it got better however I never got into it and I have read a ton of different books. I thought it was very very boring.
This book has no redeeming qualities.  I look for a book where I can learn something.  I abhor the sex focus - real people do not dwell on sex or talk about sexual parts of the body or use profane language.  I hated that God's and Jesus's name was profaned.  Names that I love, cherish and worship.  It was a dark, depressing read.  It is not a wholesome book, not one that left me with any good feelings.  I bought it as I had read a series of books by an author with the first name of Gillian, couldn't remember her last name and thought this might be the same person. I only continued to read it as I had bought it and hoped there would be some redeeming quality in it. There wasn't any.
Ahh!  Such dysfunction!  The book was a pretty good read.  I would agree with many other readers in that I wish it had had a different, more satisfying ending.
Again WOW...and I mean WOW! I'm so glad I dont have Gillian Flynn's mind, but to read her stories and visit her thoughts is both compelling and scary! This is my 2nd novel by her...waiting to open dark places but I need some mental space. I'm just amazed.
I bought the book as a Christmas gift, so have not read it.  I did receive it promptly and in great condition.
Really good book.  You get inside the head of the Nick and Amy.  I absolutely couldn't put it down.  Makes you wonder if something like this could actually happen.  You have to read this book!
This book has made it into my list of all time faves. Superior writing, gripping story line, well-developed characters. I always end up guessing the predictable endings in books and there was no possible way to guess this one. Buckle up and enjoy the ride -- this book is tons of literary fun! (And better than her previous two books.)
Keeps your attention and is a good read.  I really did not like the ending.  I would recommend it to others or as a book club read.
I have to admit that when I first started reading this book, I only got about 10 pages or so and had to stop.  It just felt too boring to me, so I went on and read something else with more action.  I decided I didn't want to waste the money I spent purchasing the book, so a month or so later, I started it from the very beginning again and this time I decided I would be patient enough to keep reading.  I AM SO GLAD I DID!  Wow....what a great story!  I absolutely loved this book.  I don't know what I was thinking when I stopped reading it the first time.  This time, I could not stop and it just kept getting better and better.  I was cracking up at times, shocked at times....but overall, I came away from reading this thinking that it was simply BRILLIANT.
I loved the intrigue in the book, the back and forth between the two main characters, BUT, I thought the ending was very weak. Surely the author could have come up with a better ending.
Although I was skeptical about reading a book about a failing marriage, I found this book fascinating reading.  The story gets into the mind of a sociopath and is definitely a page-turner.  The steps Amy goes through to save her marriage is truly amazing.  Really worth your time.
This is a great book. The plot is gripping and it's hard to put the book down. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that I really didn't like the ending. But the first 98% of the book is amazing.I find that the best way to make reviews helpful is by adding a list of books I love and books I hated. That way you can compare and determine whether you and I have similar tastes. So here is my list:Books I love or at at least really, really like:We Need to Talk about Kevin.Tell the Wolves I'm HomeWhen the Emperor Was DivineThe History of HistoryThe Remains of the DayWe Have Always Lived in the CastleThe Night CircusWater for ElephantsThe Sisters BrothersThe Poisonwood BibleBooks I REALLY hated:The Bear in a Muddy Tutu1Q84The Buddha of SuburbiaA Visit from the Goon SquadSun StormA Long Way DownWhen We Were OrphansThe Haunting of Hill House
So very sorry, I am not going to do any spoiling.  One cannot spoil a story that is so seriously flawed.The idea of reading Gone Girl stayed with me for months; I read reviews (when it was still a 4.2 star book) in glossy magazines and thought it might be just the type of book I would jump into, escape for a couple days, and come out feeling well entertained.NOT to be!  The audio book readers' interpretation of the two leads made me hate these characters like -- immediately?  Spoiled, selfish, manipulative, annoying.  As I've read more recent and less starry-eyed reviews, I realize the characters are represented exactly as repulsive as the author wished to convey.  And unless you want to travel into this dark gray blot, don't waste your time.  You will just wonder why you are listening to such vitriolic hatred.  Props to the audio actors for getting the characters out there so quickly.  At least I don't have to waste any more time with this book.  Disappointed?  Yes.  I just want the book out of my head.  I don't want to be with these horrible people another minute.  Again--don't do it to yourself.
Many twists and turns. Very well written. It is one of those "love him, hate her" stories, always fun.  Bought another book by this author after reading this one.
I have read all three of Gillian Flynn's books, and by far this is the best. She never failed to keep me hooked into the story and an ingenious plot. I enjoyed every SECOND of this novel. I'd hate to see Hollywood try to make a film out of this--one simply needs to read and digest the work and not get distracted by location shots, face closeups, set designs, spooky music, yada, yada. The book will stay with you for a while after you finish it. Great summer, winter, fall, spring read--something for every season. I highly recommend it to readers who like thinking authors and like to think while they read.
It's on everyone else's best-of list, too, and there's a reason for that. Flynn has done a remarkable thing with this sort-of mystery about a woman who disappears on her wedding anniversary; she's crafted a tight and entertaining plot with multi-layered characters and some insight into real relationship issues, and she managed to make the thing nearly impossible to predict. Experienced readers can't help trying to guess the next plot twist but it won't do you any good and it's never a cheat.I can't say I'm overwhelmed with the ending and I'm not alone, but the rest of the book is so worth it.
My book club chose this novel for January.  It's a case of a missing wife with many twists and turns. The cliche, "page turner" applies.
Great book! Lots of twists and turns and anticipation. I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested crime and mystery.
I really enjoyed this book.  Lot of twists and turns to keep you guessing.  The author does a great job of keeping the story fresh, it's hard to put down.
The first half was great.  It kept my interest and what you think is great character development.  Then, when it takes a huge plot turn, and you think, ahhh this is really getting interesting and original, it spirals down into a hugely depressing read.  It's two people who's lives have gone horribly wrong and both are just terrible, stupid people.  I wanted to throw my book across the room but it's a Kindle so I couldn't. I did think, "what a huge waste of time".  Don't bother.  It wasn't entertaining, just depressing as all get out. Shame on the author for such a let down.  It could have been wonderful if good finally won out over evil.  As it is, there is no payoff for hard money spent and hours of time I will never get back.
I figured out this mystery after reading about 1/3 of the book and I rarely figure out the mystery until I've read most of the book.  It was very predictable.
Ok, my opinion of this book changed (significantly) as I read it. The story line seemed fairly interesting from the start and the character development was actually pretty decent (although "character" itself is clearly lacking with these characters, but that was the whole point...well done so far author!). There were a few flaws with the first half of the book (without giving anything away...specifically Nick's flashbacks to his wife crawling on the floor make no sense as the story unfolds...when you read it you will know what I mean), but all in all the book kept my attention.About three quarters of the way through I was still intrigued (although there were a couple points that seemed rather unbelievable (the wife's initial plan for herself...seriously???) but I was still willing to cut the author some slack there).Then..........the last fifty or so pages were brutal. BRUTAL!! I plowed through those last few chapters as quickly as possible, not because it was a page turner but because it was so ridiculous I just wanted the pain of reading it to end! What a total disappointment. It completely ruined what was up until the end an entertaining read. The ending was so stupid and unrealistic I cannot with good faith recommend this book to anyone. That being said, if you take this book on vacation with you and only get about 3/4 of the way through it before accidentally leaving it behind in your hotel room, then kudos to you! You did it perfectly!
This book was a fantastically fun and OMG read!  Thoroughly enjoyable and I simply couldn't put it down.  I was still shaking my head days later.
Eh!  Not my favorite book.  But most people seem to love it.
GONE GIRL deserves 5 stars primarily because it wears so many hats at once: page-turning suspense thriller, razor-sharp social commentary, and an unflinching analysis of the peaks and valleys of marriage.  This book is the rare intersection of chart-topping fiction and actual literature.  It is the perfect summer read, digestible in several days (you won't be able to pace yourself) AND feels like a book you will never forget.  The hundreds of other reviews should give a sense of the basic story, which starts precisely on July 5, 2012 - the day I finished this masterpiece.  Commentary on plot-specific points is too risky to spoil any one of the numerous roller-coaster twists and turns in the plot - suffice it to say this book is NOT a one-trick pony that some one can solve or predict halfway through.  Instead, the plot develops much like a real relationship might - learning some ugly truths about two spouses, Amy and Nick, little by little, with both actual and figurative puzzles being posed and solved as you go - the perfect analog to the novel's main point: you are likely to feel the most intense feelings - infatuation, despair, attraction, resentment, bonding, and contempt - all at once - for the same person in your life - whether it's a spouse, a partner, a sibling, a parent, or a friend (or one of each as life progresses).  The alternating narrators and initially-disparate timelines were not distracting - this mechanism is often employed clumsily by authors, but Gillian Flynn hits it like a tuning fork - each shift in voice and time felt like a long-awaited drink of water quenching the reader's thirst.  The two main characters are anything but cliche (and to those critics who dismissed the diary from the opening section as 'teenage' in voice - I think you missed a major plot point) - you will laugh and cringe about aspects of both husband and wife as their respective stories and perspectives unfold.  The author certainly doesn't pull her punches when addressing intimacy - and it's so refreshing to read something that is neither majestically Elizabethan nor cliche-James Bond-cool when it comes to the bedroom (the analysis of "The Cool Girl" could have stood as an award-winning essay all by itself) - the author lends a very credible voice to the inner thinking of both genders on the most taboo of topics - without anything seeming gratuitous, since so much of the novel is devoted to the mental chess game being played out between husband and wife over years.  Yet above all of this excellent "thought process" analysis - pages and pages of compelling reflections on life's mundane yet essential issues - is the main event - a ticking time bomb of confrontation, suspense, mystery, and drama - making the book as addictive as it is fulfilling, with flashbacks enriching the characters (or, at least, their points of view - which serve as a literary musical chairs game as the novel progresses).  The reviews that characterize this novel as a "whodunit" do a disservice - GONE GIRL is far more complicated - and you will have that answer long before the last page - this novel isn't meant to be solved, like the 6-books-a-year-will-he-find-the-bomb-or-solve-the-code "thrillers" we see cranked out - instead, GONE GIRL is meant to be savored - I found myself reading parts over and over even before I was finished - sometimes because a second pass of a certain clue (there IS literally a puzzle being solved for much of the book - but it's presented so authentically, and ingrained in the plot, that it doesn't feel contrived) provided a completely different meaning - and sometimes because re-reading Amy or Nick's perspective on some issue or memory provides new depth the second time through - rather than hanging her hat on some artificially constructed solution, the author seeds GONE GIRL with dozens of trip wires, some of which will detonate long after you first walked past them - collectively providing a very satisfying read.  Some reviews criticized the ending as a letdown - I respectfully think those readers missed the main point of the novel - this is NOT simply a crime thriller, anymore than marriage is simply a ceremony and honeymoon - the novel, like the institution of marriage that it examines - deals (often with purposeful hyperbole) with the yet-unanswered question of "What do we do with each other when the cheering stops?"  GONE GIRL provides a better analysis of the highs and lows, and aspirations and regrets, that are a behind-the-scenes fixture to every marriage than most non-fiction marital advice books do - and without seeming preachy, or one-sided, tackles the issues of how childhood and parenthood and temptation and familiarity collectively rain a lifelong meteor shower down on every couple to strain the fabric of love-everlasting.  Again, no punches pulled when it comes to calling out the endless ways couples negligently (or purposely) drift from the highest emotional highs to the grumbling, time-wearied lows - if your head is not spinning from the twists and turns of the main plot, it will certainly be as you read the mental twists and turns that each spouse offers on the topic of what makes a relationship work, and what kills it (figuratively or otherwise).  GONE GIRL deserves the praise used for Amy's fictional offshoot (read the book) and Amy's working title for a manuscript - "Amazing" -  I loved the book from cover to cover, both as a suspenseful mystery to be solved, and a wide-ranging examination of the engine of marriage to be considered.
(This is an entirely spoiler-free review)Gillian Flynn's "Gone Girl" intrigued me from the start--here was what looked like a rote thriller, by an author I was only dimly aware existed, and it was getting reviews portraying it as the best entry in the genre in years.  Expecting nothing (I'm used to being disappointed by so-called next big things) I dove in; and I realized, less than half way through, that this book deserves every bit of praise it's been given, and probably even more."Gone Girl" is the story of Nick and Amy, and their unhappy marriage that seems on the brink of total dissolution when they move from New York back to Missouri to be with his sick mother.  On the day of their fifth wedding anniversary, Amy suddenly goes missing, and all signs immediately indicate that Nick has done something horrible to his wife.  Normally, a book like this, with this sort of set up, would be all about stringing the reader along on a journey to find out what happened to Amy.  But Flynn is, frankly, a brilliant writer (or at least has this one brilliant idea), and "Gone Girl" is quite unlike any thriller you've ever read.First, the question of "What" is dispensed with by the halfway mark, as the reader becomes fully aware of exactly what the answer is to the central mystery: we find out, in great detail, exactly what has happened to Amy, and the second half of the book becomes a puzzle of why it has happened, and how it has been done.  It's darned risky, especially for a book that in so many ways is firmly grounded in the thriller genre, but Flynn pulls it off perfectly, drawing the reader in with well-drawn characters that we truly begin to believe in.And speaking of characters, Flynn takes another risk in that this is a book in which the only "good guys" we meet are mostly background characters.  The main characters are all so flawed that, indeed, to simply call them "flawed" seems like a gross understatement.  We meet some horrible, horrible people in this book, and it's a testament to Flynn's skill that we still care about them.  She does such a good job that when bad things happen to them the reader's immediate response is to feel bad for them, and then to feel bad for feeling bad.But again, the true wonder of this book is going through all the questions of how and why, and it's a journey that can't possibly feel like anything but a letdown by the end, if only because we've enjoyed the journey itself so much we don't WANT it to end."Gone Girl" is as close to perfect of a book as you're likely to come across for a very, very long while.  And I can probably give no greater praise for it than to say that even though I wasn't well acquainted with Gillian Flynn before "Gone Girl", I now feel the need to rush out and pick up her other novels as fast as I can.
Very dark.  I found it to be a great disappointment.  I would not recommend this for anyone who really wants to read an interesting book...This is certainly not the one to buy!
I didn't understand all the hype and how its been on the top 10 for weeks. This book started off incredibly slow and then it barely got exciting towards the end but by that time i was over it! Besides the fact that I spent 13 dollars on it!! Save yourself some time and money and don't read this! Ive spent 99 cents on books that were way better!!!!
It is hard to put down - a little slow moving but I do love it.  I am 80% finished at this time.  Reading as a book club selection.
The story line holds your interest and has alot of good twists and turns. This is a good and enjoyable read.
We're reading this book for our book club and I liked it better than any of the books we've read in the last 2 years.  I have to say, the author had me going until the half-way point in the book!  Very intriguing,  well-written, and best of all, the author has an amazing sense for relationships.
I have read all of Gillian Flynn's Novels.She is truly gifted.Where her gift lies is in writing about 'broken people.'In this I feel she is unparalleled.Her last two novels were more about the broken. In this novel we find the breaking.This book is her most 'mainstream effort.'I don't mean this in a bad way, but it simply is. Note the wider cast to a larger audience and hell...they bit that hook.Flynn writes a narrative that is so engrossing that I literally found it almost impossible to put down. I carried the book with me everywhere and once I hit the last 150 pages there was no interrupting my read. I was entranced.She brought me into the worlds of her two main characters-Nick and Amy.I felt as though I was there for every word, every pinch, every little thing they did and all the people they spoke with were mine to touch, smell, feel and hear.The tension in this book is palpable and, if you are like me, you will be trying to figure it out from page one without intentionally doing so. Enjoy that because in a snap you are there.This book is a brilliant thriller that never stops moving, The pace is so fast that I dare you to make it a week without having finished it (I read this in a couple of days with full-time work, two young kids, a full-time job, etc.)I squirmed, I swooned, I pitched, and I fell with all of it.As for my 5-start rating, it really should be more of a 4.5 star due to a lot of 'suspend your disbelief' moments, but a book is to entertain is it not? A book is to move you. It is to take you to new heights and new lows and keep you so that you don't want it to end.This book accomplishes this in every way and so 5-stars is what it deserves.Thank you Ms. Flynn. I cannot wait until you write another.
It keeps you wanting more.  What will happen next, and you think you know, but you do not.  Loved reading this book.  Couldn't put it down.
I didn't like the characters - they leave an almost bitter taste in your mouth, but I loved the story.Gillian Flynn did a brilliant job - I was in suspense from chapter to chapter and almost wanted to race through to the end and reveal the truth!I can't recall having read anything similar to Gone Girl before- it's unique style is deserved of all the attention the book has been receiving.
This book had such rave reviews that I had to read it! I actually downloaded it from the local Library and was so excited when it finally came available from there. It is written in the format of a diary by the main characters Nick and Amy (more so for Amy than Nick). For me it really didn't become super interesting until about 50 to 100 pages into the book.  I read a lot and have acquired so many books that I want to read that I do not like to waste time on books that are not keeping my interest. After it takes off though this book is amazing, bizarre and just plain creepy!!!! I am so glad that I did not stop reading and recommend this to anyone that wants to enjoy a truly different read. The basic story (of which I do not want to divulge too much of) is that Amy goes missing on Nick and Amy's anniversary. Like so many other books and real-to-life situations, the husband (Nick) automatically is suspected of murdering Amy. Once Nick figures out what really is happening...the story takes off and does not stop until you read the final page...and I recommend that you do read until the final page. I will be looking into other books by this author...
YOU WILL REALLY LIKE THIS BOOK IF...1. You appreciate literature as an artform in which we learn about ourselves.2. You don't need to like all of the characters in order to like a book.3. You don't need a book to end the way YOU think it should.4. You enjoy a unique story and witty, clever and smart writing.
If Gillian Flynn set out to make me a little crazier than I started, she certainly succeeded. I loved this book. I hated this book. I cursed at it. I rooted for the insane characters. I set it down and vowed to never pick it up again. I picked it back and cursed some more. I felt like *I* was losing *my* sanity just reading it.I'm glad I didn't review this book right when I finished it because I don't think I've ever been so furious at a book's ending in a VERY long time. There was no redemption of the characters, no lesson learned and it just ended. We got no real ending. I was ANGRY. So, I didn't write a review because it would have been scathing and full of curse words. *laughing* No, really.... so I sat on it. And I thought about it. And I gained some sanity - and maybe some perspective.Here's the thing. The writing is amazing and the characters are so well developed. Both are highly unlikeable. In fact, I had no one to root for on this hole down into true insanity. I disliked every single person in this book. EVERY. SINGLE. PERSON. They all were horrible people with so many problems that... well, it's just bad.I also was very drawn into the plot. I've read enough books that I sat there, smugly, knowing what would happen and then the author would shock me and go somewhere that I never expected. Wait. What? But, that's not how it's supposed go, Ms. Flynn! You're making my entire world implode here. Stop that.But I kept reading and I kept... hoping that one of these characters would get something out of the story, that one of them would... wake up. Do something. Anything.So... the book ended. And I was left feeling angry, but feeling like I had just gone a few rounds in the boxing ring. I felt... well, I felt beat up. So, that's why I waited to review it.Having said that, just someone mentioning the name of this book makes me remember it and start talking about it and I can now fully appreciate the level of skill it took to write this and how realistic some of it was (oh, you have to suspend a LOT of belief throughout), but in reality... do people like this really come around? Hmmmm...Highly recommended for those that like a little bit of a dark mystery. Just hold on the ride.
I don't ususally read mystery, murder type books but a few friends said I should read Gone Girl. I am glad I did. It is a good book. Lots of details and twists and turns. Very interesting.
this book and a thriller that keeps you wanting to read.  My only criticism and the characters are so psychologically impaired that is loses its realism.
I read this book a good while ago. Meant to give it a review but forgot. Did not forget the book, however, and scenes come back to me unexpectedly. That, to me, is a sign of a good book.  Vivid, vibrant, highly entertaining.
This book was recommended to me by an advocate reader like myself so most of her recommendations are always good. This time around we figured out the difference in our reading type because she seems to LOVE the book yet it was a very slow read for me. I almost did not continue to read it when I got 305 in but she encouraged me to pay attention to all the details and keep reading. So I did because I hardly start a book and not finish it just to say I read it. Again the plot was built too slow for me and had the book at a better ending it would've been worth the slow build. The ending was horrible. It is like she was strategically thinking throughout the book then all of a sudden ran out of time to finish it. I did give it a 3 because it was strategic in that it keeps the suspense going. I could not tell who did it for a while. But I would not recommend this book.
I'm always leary of the hype when a book is praised as this one has been.  Thankfully, it was not oversold!  The writing is clever and witty.  The main characters are both nutty but in ways that make them relateable and make you think, yeah, that sounds like something I would say.  Overall, a really good book.
A mystery that is more character study than whodunit, Gone Girl is clever, with nicely textured prose and twists that sometimes surprise.  Several of the twists including the big one -- won't give that away -- are not that difficult to guess.  And there was a bit of redundancy in some of the narrative, as in the book could have used more aggressive editing.  (I'd say 10-20% could be trimmed, which is not bad.)  Then, the ending is pretty unsatisfying as others have said.  It's as though the author felt obliged to give us an unexpected end to the story, and so she gave us one that strains credulity a bit.  Nick goes from lout to devoted a little too easily.That said though, it's a compelling read -- I would recommend it.  It's a book you can't put down without learning how the story plays out.  Makes the reader think about how much we mask ourselves when embarking on the most important relationship we will have, that with our spouse.
After reading "Sharp Objects" and "Dark Places" first and hearing rave reviews about "Gone Girl," I was really excited to read this novel.It starts off promising, but then just fell completely flat.  There was nothing exciting to really hook you in this book.  Both main characters - Amy and Nick - are vile and unlikeable and ridiculous.  Almost half-way through the book and I was ready to be done with it and kill both characters off.  It was a painful read and took me forever to go through.  I was a huge fan of her other two books and had such high hopes and was extremely disappointed by this lackluster whodunit with it's anit-climactic ending.
The author does a fantastic job of taking the reader on a journey full of unexpected twists and turns.  Without exception, every person I know who has read this book has a very strong emotional reaction at the end.  Any author who has the ability to affect their readers this strongly deserves credit.
As always, Flynn does a spectacular job of creating characters in Gone Girl. The tale is dark and twisted, which is perfectly acceptable in my reading world. However, I was let down by the lack of moral fiber in the collective whole of this character set. One strong, endearing character who was not a self-centered, corrupt jerk, helps me be okay with waking up in the morning. This one left me wanting Flynn to dig a little deeper and give me something beyond the shocking.  I'll give her another shot, but another one like this and I'll stop reading.
I have to admit.  It was the amount of reviews that made me want to pick up this book and read it...  15,000+ at the time...  And it was gripping.  Unraveling the story between Nick and Amy was like watching this intense ping pong game where the ball keeps darting rapidly back and forth across the net on  the table.  I was completely enthralled.  But even the greatest game has to come to an end and when this book ended, it was just like the ending of that intense game.  The ball simply plopped off the table and the game was over.  Hence, I was quite disappointed.
Loved this book.could not put it down..didn't see the twist coming. A quick read and appeals to a wide range of readers
Love, lies, hatred, murder...Page after page, anxiously awaiting to see what would happen next.Boy vs Girl, Man vs Woman.Great read!
Wow this book....I don't want to ruin it, but you should read it.Keep you on the edge of your seat the whole time.
Lots of twists and turns; emotional swings regarding different characters. Highly creative plot lines that really keep you guessing. I would not want to play chess with Flynn. She is a great strategist.
This novel started out well, but the characters had no redeeming qualities as the story progressed.  The resolution was hard to take.  I found it to be a waste of time.
I thought  this was pretty good.  I enjoyed it enough to want to read more by this author.  A recommended read.
Chilling prose is a very apt description. The writing is terrific, the story dark and enthralling. One of the best books I've read because it has both great prose and a great plot. If, however, you're looking for a happy ending, look elsewhere. Clearly, some who have left reviews were angry they didn't get that. This is a twisted psychological tale and not intended for the faint of heart. I wouldn't advise reading plot summaries, since spoilers will truly ruin the book for you. A woman has disappeared from a troubled marriage. The story is told from her point of view and from the husband's point of view. That's all the plot I'd want to know going in. Flynn does a fantastic job of slowly revealing these complex characters and events until she leaves you breathless. Good luck putting this one down.
I don't know where to start with the review for this book...but I will say "I loved it!" I don't want to provide spoilers in this review so I'll do the best I can to review it in a way that doesn't ruin the experience.I enjoyed this book most of all because it wasn't predictable. A mystery that I can't figure out is rare and one that I can't figure out AND isn't completely ridiculous, even better. I found myself loving characters, hating characters and questioning every little detail. At first I thought it was just a book about marriage and relationships. Then I also wondered if the author was making a comment about the world of public opinion and how it impacts our justice system. I also love that it has a few parts that were laugh out loud funny to me.The only reason I didn't give this book five stars was the ending. It felt incomplete and I'll leave it at that.
The idea behind this novel was too wierd to be believable.  I finished reading the book but did not enjoy it.  Much too far out thinking for my taste
Thought this was good but a bit slow to get going and I didn't like the ending - it was soooooo unexpected
I got a copy of "Gone Girl" about two months ago.  I started reading it almost instantly because of the good reviews I had read in the media. It took me more than a month to finish it.  For me it was very predictable. I was able to guess what was going to happen until the very end. I have to admit that the ending was unexpected but unsatisfying at the same time.  It was really hard (almost impossible) to identify with or even like any of the characters in the lead and there was too much profanity in the prose which made the reading quite uncomfortable at times. The novel was very successful so it must come down to a matter of taste.
I enjoyed reading it but had a queasy feeling in my stomach all the way through it. It's very well-written and suspenseful, but too clever by half. Characters are interesting but unappealing and ultimately not sympathetic. Ultimately the cleverness seems to overwhelm the narrative.
i really enjoyed the book so much until the ending....it disappointed terribly...the writing style and the plot were interesting and kept me turning pages on my kindle late into the night....and then the ending....2 thumbs down!!!
I almost didn't buy this book after reading the negative reviews. Then, I almost stopped reading it after page 50 or so because the narrative style is a bit unusual. I did finish it and I am very glad that I did.I like books that surprise me...that leave me with something to ponder. "Gone Girl" did not disappoint. It's more than a thriller; its a psychological study of two very damaged people. A warning: do not expect the usual crime novel with bad guys and good guys and a "justice was served" ending. If that's what you are looking for, watch "Law and Order" instead.This is a disturbing story with a end that is troubling and, at the same time, contextually logical. The characters are complex and difficult to like and yet, you will keep reading to find out who wins and who loses. It's a story that draws you in slowly - maybe too slowly - until you realize that this is different from most other mystery/thrillers. The surprising, dark ending is Hitchcock-like. Twisted yet perfectly in keeping with everything that has come before. All in all, it is a very satisfying read!
The experience of reading this cleverly crafted novel was a great ride until the last page.  It seens as if the author got bored and just wanted to finish it.  The word "ironic" is used throughout the book, however it is apt for the ending:  great story, ironically unsatisfying.
I have highlighted more and wrote more notes in this book. I didn't want to put it down, even when I was so tired that I would read the same paragraph 3 times before drifting off to sleep. I just couldn't put it down. Psycho. Which character? You'll find out soon enough.
A fairly long book but a very fast read. Once you get into the characters the reading just flies by and you are tempted to skip ahead to find out what is happening.I enjoyed the unusual style of having two first person points of views. I also have to admit that I didn't spot the clues provided.One character was such a vile human that I just loved to hate them- well done for the author to provoke such animosity in a fictional (hopefully) character.Its worth the read but the ending may have you reeling.
I downloaded this book because of the rating that you gave it.  I haven't been able to finish it because I have been so bored.  Slow moving, and looks as if it will have a predictable ending.  However, I will plod though it, between other books, hoping that the ending makes it worthwhile.
this book is on the best seller list, but I did not like it. Did not like the fowl language and hated the ending.
great read  surprising plot twists & turns  make this an intriguing storyI would recommend this to anyone who loves a good fictional story
I wish I had read reviews more carefully and believed the warnings,  "Don't buy this book!"  I will admit that I was immediately hooked as I started to read.  In fact, I couldn't put the book down at first  and raced toward the finish.  The more I read, however, the more I regretted my purchase.  This book is ridiculous!  The ending is one of the worst in history!! The ending was like a slap in the face or a "Ha! Gottcha!"  Live and learn.....learn to take reviews seriously.  This book is awful!!
The end was an anti climax I felt that the author could not think of an ending so just did &#34;any old thing&#34;
Nothing I say will describe the journey you are about to take in reading this cleverly structured story. It is anything but a formulaic plot. Great writing, well-developed real characters. Everyone can relate to many aspects of this couple's relationship. But, hopefully not everything. They take it to a new level of complication. Hyperbole? Yes. I'm left with a conflicted reaction about these two people. That's good.After you've read it, this is my final thought. For all of you who hated the ending- Spoiler Comment!!!Spoiler Comment: The ending was an extension of this book's brilliance. It was consistent with the characters' dynamic and sick dance. He felt trapped by her escalating psychosis and had to keep her close to protect himself and his loved ones; she needed to stay ahead of her own mind games by keeping him as a possession. One of them will end up killing the other.Carol Colitti Levinethesidetrek
This review needs to be short and sweet because I want to give absolutely no spoilers!  Just know that as you read this book, you're bound to be surprised.  As the story begins, it seems like it's practically word for word `taken from the headlines' of a case a few years ago.  As it progresses, I was thinking - he's innocent!  He's guilty!  He's - - wait a minute - - what just happened?!!  Some great twists and turns and suspense right up to the subtly shocking ending!  I can see why this book has been on the best seller lists for many weeks.
I LIKED THE CONCEPT BUT DID NOT LIKE THE ENDING AT ALL.  WAS DISAPPOINTED IT DIDN'T COME TO A BETTER CONCLUSION.  WHAT HAPPENS TO HIM AND/OR HER.
This is a riveting book in the best sense of the word. It is hard to put down once you get started. Oh where Oh Where has Amazing Amy gone? Is it her philandering husband who has done her in? Dont miss every exciting word and dont forget those wonderful diaries either.
By the end of the book I didn't know which character I disliked more. I wanted to like the husband but he seemed so indecisive and when the &#34;real&#34; wife showed up ( though anticipated) she was totally manipulative and completely nasty. So nasty you almost admired her. Almost.
Very fast read. Definitely keeps you going till its done. Ending very odd and somewhat unsatisfactory but could not think of any other way to end!
This book is too long.  It took me ages to get into it, in fact I was on the point of giving it up, when in Part 2, it started to get interesting.  At last it gripped my attention and I became engrossed.  But as for the third part, and the ending, what a load of tripe. It is a complicated story, told from two angles, every detail has been thoroughly thought out, so why was it such a poor ending? It was unbelievable, unrealistic and unconvincing.  I could write two or three better conclusions.  It was almost as though Ms Flynn lost the will to finish it.
you are always surprised by the twists and turns and never know what the next chapter will hold.  worth reading
It kept my interest & I had no clue as to what had really happened to his wife. Good reading
Great summer read, or winter, fall or spring for that matter.  Amy and NIck embody the image of the self absorbed metro couples today.  Amy's perfectionism, Nick's disconnect represents our computer obsessed culture.  How well do we really know the people we are with, when we spend our day in virtual relationships.  Do we even know how to discover each other anymore? Suspenseful, yes.  Did I guess ( I don't want to give anything away), yes, did it matter- no!  Like the rest of the book, the ending was a necessary commentary on the morally bankrupt society we find ourselves in today.  Filled with cliches, I loved the twist at the end.  Did it make me uncomfortable- for sure- and that's a good book!
Never expected the ending.  Would recommend to anyone who likes a good mystery.  Held my interest from the start.  A great read.
I have read the author's last 2 books and was totally engrossed in them, especially Sharp Objects.  Gone Girl, the author's newest book, with it's many twists and turns, did not let me down. Every time I thought I knew what was going on, the author added another twist.  I would have liked a more explosive ending, but the ending as written was probably the best one for the book, because it gave me chills as well as plenty to ponder and digest.  I would advise you to read this author's books before you hear someone discussing the books or before you read a review that tells you too much.
I enjoyed this book immensely!  But what is funny is that I didn't like either of the main characters!! I don't think i've ever liked a story without liking someone!! both characters are manipulative and use the police and media to their advantage.
A real page turner, hard to put down.  I was a little disappointed in the ending, could have been more interesting.
I enjoyed reading this book, it was intriging from beginning to end. Although I would have liked for the end to be different, it is still as haunting as the book itself. The author does a great job of developing characters which I'm not going to describe to you as to NOT give anything away. I highly recommend it!
I expected a serious story about someone gone missing. This book made me laugh out loud a few times. At first I thought I might not finish the book, but the more I read, the more I liked.The two main characters are, well, better not give anything away! Thewriter did a great job of plotting the whole story. I think I will choose another one of her books at a later time.
I'm not one to write lengthy reviews so I will simply say that I enjoyed this book and highly recommend it. I have put it on my book group's list of possible books because of the many twists and turns. I had the thought that this would make  a good movie and I think the movie is coming out this year. I can't wait to see it.
Nick and Amy Dunne. Golden couple, intelligent, successful writers with a Brownstone in New York. Then the recession hits and they are both unemployed. They move to Nick's hometown of North Carthage Missouri to take care of Nick's ailing elderly parents. With Amy's money they buy a bar. Then on their fifth wedding anniversary Amy disappears under violent circumstances. The story of their marriage is told by Nick in first person and readings from Amy's diary.These characters although well developed, were so awful in the content of their character it was difficult to root for either of them, unless you can relate to the wealthy, whinny, manipulative liars. In a book you need someone to trust, someone to latch onto but it won't happen here. The beginning of the book was so slow, long and drawn out I almost put it down completely. Although some readers may not like the ending, I thought it was the best part of the book. I just wanted to be done with these people.
A friend said this was a great book.  I didn't particularly like it.  Didn't like writing style nor the story line.
good read. keeps you involved and you can't wait to see what happens next. loved the ending. well worth the money.
Interesting character study with a good twist.  Good book to discuss in a book club. I recommend this to friends and family.
Lots of repettion which was not needed, only for filling pages. I feel this book was overrated., you be the judge!
Some of the time I couldn't read fast enough, it was a real page turner, but I have to say I don't think it's as good as everyone who is raving about it.
If you like reading a book with vulgar language through the entire book then you might not mind this.  I found it disgusting and completely unnecessary.  I only finished the book because it was a book club reading and I wanted to see if there was anything redeeming about it.  The plot took a very, very long time to get you interested. Very slow beginning.  Since it was supposedly "a page turner" I continued on.  Eventually it has an interesting plot.  I was completely disappointed in the ending.  It seemed like the author couldn't figure out a good ending so it just kind of ends.I've never read anything else by this author but due to the unnecessary language in this one, I won't be reading any others.Would have given it zero stars if that was an option.
Loved the back and forth format. Each character has their own drama. Blending together  suspense is so well written ..keeps the reader guessing and involved.
I'm sorry but these characters were the most unlikeable people I have ever been exposed to and the ending was so disappointingly flat and unbelievable...sorry, my high school students could do better.  I began skipping parts just so I could finish it.
This book begins as any murder mystery, setting up the scene and then asking, &#34;who done it?&#34;  However, it then begins a set of twists and turns that are completely unpredictable and compel you to keep turning pages.  I couldn't wait to finish the book to solve the mystery, yet when it was over I was left wanting more.  I can't wait to read more by this author.
Great read! Got through it really fast and enjoyed the story.  I just hope the big screen adaptation isn't a bust.
This was such a weird story and the end is so not right. I wouldn't have wasted my time if I had known.
There are over four thousand customer reviews here at amazon for this book so I don't think I need to rehash the plot as that is amply covered here.  I do understand why there are so many reviews and why this is a HUGE bestseller and has already been optioned for a movie by Reese Witherspoon (who would be terrific as Amy, the lead woman). What makes this book so timely is that everything bad that could happen to this once golden couple has happened and it mirrors the bad things going on in America at large. They both lost their jobs in Manhattan working for upscale magazines.  Her trust fund was wiped out by her parents' bad investments. Their brownstone is lost.  They must move to a suburb of foreclosed houses in Mark Twain country (Missouri). All the jobs are wiped out there ever since this giant mall closed.  It couldn't get any worse, right?Well, of course it could and this is what pins the reader to the page.  Not only does the American dream backfire but it crosses over into noir pulp land.  This is the typical warring husband and wife of pulp noir fiction American style but there is nothing else typical about it.  Kudos to the author for incredible inventiveness.  I can't say more as the twists in the plot and characters is what makes it.  Enjoy.
This book certainly kept me on my toes! I really enjoyed all the twists and turns.  I would  definitely recommend  it.
Whether you love or hate Nancy Grace and all the other shows that delve into missing people and murders then you'll love this book!Gilliam Flynn expertly writes in three different voices.  One view from the diary of the missing wife, Amy, another view in Amy's "live" voice, and the view of the husband.Throughout the novel these points of view are woven into a believable story of what happens when boy meets girl and they play the mating game.  What happens when the marriage falls apart and if anyone can survive it.Love this book!  I couldn't put and down and didn't want it to end.  It is one of those rare books that will stick with you long after you've finished it.
This is an interesting premise, not a frequently told plot. The end is a little anti-climatic. It was interesting enough to compel me to complete it.
I really enjoyed this book. I did not expect it to end they way it did.  Which by the way, had a great ending. The author made the whole book a "can't put down book".
This was a great book, I actually stayed up until 1:30 am to see how it ended; can't wait for the movie.
Unsatisfing ending. The rest of the book moved slowly, but was okay. There were some nice plots twists that I didn't see coming.
This is no ordinary love story or mystery.  The characters are smart, scary, and deceiving.  I raced thru it to find what would happen next.  The ending is not easy to predict and quite scary to believe from my perspective.  Is it love or captivity?
Thought, with the rave reviews, this would be a page-turner. Hard to get into, and a surprise ending, which didn't make any sense at all. But then, it's fiction.
Gone Girl is about the disappearance of Amy Dunne. She was apparently abducted on the morning of her fifth anniversary. Her husband, Nick, is of course a prime suspect (isn't it always the husband?). But even though half of the chapters are told from Nick's perspective, you just can't make up your mind if he's guilty or not.  There's definitely something "off" about him.  And he does say that he is good at half-truths.  And the marriage was on the rocks.  So.... guilty or not?I can't say more without giving too much away.  But I will say that this is one of the best dark psychological thrillers I've ever read.  And easily the best "unreliable narrator".  Highly recommended.
Loved the unexpected twists and turns.  You are kept guessing most of the time.  Impossible to put down - read it in one day
At first I wasn't too excited to read this book, when it became a best-seller. I had just tried to read the previous best-seller, 50 Shades of Grey, and wasn't at all impressed by it - such a bad writing. So I passed on this one for a while, thinking it shouldn't be a big deal either, despite being a thriller. And, to be honest, I don't really like to read thrillers. But this one is amazing. The way the author constructs the narrative and the way she always ends a chapter making you linger on to read the next one. One tip: Don't read it in bed if you have insomnia. You'll probably want to finish it that same night (I did that and finished it in 3 days).
couldnt get into this book at all. gave up after a few goes but lost interest pretty quickly, didnt grab me at all
This book did not live up to the hype.  It was initially suspenseful, then just pathological.  An ok beach book but I would not run to buy this.
I really want my money back.  I feel HAD! This is the worst book I have attempted to read in a very long time(if ever).
Gone Girl is an excellent read, a good summer novel. The plot is twisty and holds your interest, you won't want to put it down. You just can't wait to see what happens next. And when you get to the end; Wow! A great novel!
This is the sort of book that may eventually cure my long time addiction to murder mysteries.  What I liked about it was the vicious anger and bitterness with which Flynn exploded every current myth about happy marriages and heterosexual relationships.  Like the best work of my favorite mystery writer, Ruth Rendell, it was what I call &#34;curdled romance&#34; in which all the sappy cliches about love are torn to pieces by the end. I particularly enjoyed the dramatization of what I've been trying to tell other women for years: pretending to be the sort of woman that women are told men want does not work to make you happy.  However, what I didn't like was that there was no mystery to the book for anyone familiar with the genre.  SPOILERS AHEAD! Almost as soon as Nick realized Amy was gone, it was obvious that she'd faked her death/abduction, a plot we've seen many times in noir films as well as read in mysteries. As soon as we got the clues about her behavior during the courtship and after the move it was obvious that she was psychopathic.  As soon as we began getting her &#34;diary entries,&#34; the voice was off and we could see it was all fake.  I knew Nick was having an affair as soon as I finished his first narration.  I knew Amy wouldn't kill herself, that her new friends would betray her, that she'd end up killing her new protector who would be revealed as a psycho, and so on. Even the semen from the fertility clinic was obviously going to make a reappearance. Everything was just a retread of plot devices seen many times before. The red herrings were never explained -- I kept hoping that in some wild twist it would turn out that she looked just like her old boyfriend's weird mother because  Amy was adopted, and that Nick's father kept insisting that she didn't belong in the house because he had her confused with that woman, who had been his mistress and so Nick and Amy were half-siblings.  That would have explained their shared, scary lack of appropriate affect.  But instead we get the ending that seems to semaphore the book's only real message: men and woman are completely incompatible and marriages are always just hollow structures built around the need to have children (who will consequently be screwed-up mental cases).  I'm just not THAT cynical, I guess.  But the real problem was that I want suspense in a mystery, otherwise why read a genre fiction?
Interesting story line.  I was conflicted as to the killer.  I found the book confusing and hard to read at times.  Disappointed.
It is always fun to read a book and be swept away in the suspense of what is really happening.  Although the ending wasn't a complete surprise, it was always one of the possibilities that I considered might be happening.
The format of the book, going from the diary of one character to the other was at first very interesting but as the book went on, I got tired of the style of writing and just wanted the book to end so I could find out the ending.The character development was not outstanding.  The characters really didn't change much over the course of the novel.I was a bit disappointed in the book, yet I stayed with it to find out the ending.
This has been on the bestsellers' list for a long time and I waited until the price came down for a used copy. I'm glad I waited, I'm glad I read it, and I'm glad I put it in the Goodwill box. I didn't like it at all and I hated the ending.
The book was a solid OK.  Interesting take on the media's obsession with wife murdering husbands and the wives they murder.  Worth a read but don't expect any great insights.  The author kept injecting humor in odd ways - almost like he couldn't decide if the book was a mystery or humorous or ???
This is a very readable book but I felt like the plot was somewhat unrealistic and unlikely. I also don't like it when there are factors affecting the story that are added as an afterthought later in the narrative. The reader is given the best experience when they are given the opportunity to anticipate turns and twists.
Two brilliant psychotic characters battle wits in their love/hate relationship.  Well-written; lots of twists and turns in an improbable plot.  Hard to put down.  Interesting style with diary entries, back-flashes and real time sections interwoven.  I recommend it.
Gillian Flynn is such a good writer. I love reading her books,they keep you so engaged and on the edge of your seat. I strongly recommend her books.
This is a brilliantly written, brilliantly plotted book that made me want to never finish reading it! I hope the author will revisit this couple in ten years and give us another insight into the tortured, twisted mind-games that can be played within the institution of 'Marriage'. I cannot recommend this book highly enough and urge anyone who wants a 'book that will grab them' to give this one a chance. Hopefully you will  experience shock, awe and fascination in equal portions!
While reading the first half of this book, I felt exactly like I was being pulled slowly uphill, click by click, on an old-school, wooden rollercoaster.  The writing is very skillful and the alternating narrator's voices in each chapter works extremely well to keep the reader climbing uphill.  I will fully admit to getting this book on a Friday and sitting outside by the pool all day Saturday reading it, getting a moderate sunburn, to boot.  I couldn't put the book down.  I felt the apex at the top of the rollercoaster hill coming.  Then came the plunge -- the second part of the book when the true villian is revealed and all the various plot twists and turns come to light.  For me, this part of the ride was not nearly as satisfying as the uphill climb.  Quite frankly and as some other reviewers have noted, what started out as a realistic, believable concept went awry.  So many fantastical things started happening and so many horrible character flaws were revealed, that I lost my ability to root for or conversely, hate anyone.  I don't expect every book I read to conclude by tying up all the loose ends with the appropriate people being justly punished -- as a matter of fact, I often prefer that doesn't happen because it's not often realistic.  I'm also comfortable with endings that are open to interpretation.  But this ending?  No spoilers here, but let's say I was completely speechless at the utterly ridiculous ending.  I kept turning the page hoping against all hope that there was at least one more page, one more chapter that would make sense.  So instead of a nice, smooth trip into the station at the end of the rollercoaster ride, I felt like my car jumped the track and I was left somewhere on the side of the road trying to figure out what happened.  I loved the very idea of this book, I loved the writing and I loved the first half -- but after that, I felt almost duped and disappointed and that the author simply ran out of gas.  At least I got a nice tan this weekend.
A very twisted tale written from the different views of the two main characters. A thriller of sorts hauntingly scary.
The story began describing a wonderful, romantic relationship, and as events unfolded, it became clear that  Nick and Amy were both dishonest, self centered, scheming, nasty people that I couldn't empathize with at all, and that didn't cause me to care at all what happened to them. The entire story got more and more unbelievable. That, aside, it wasn't well written enough to make me take time to read anything else by Gillian Flynn.
While the story is spellbinding initially, the author seems to run out steam 2/3 of the way through. It becomes too melodramatic. The ending is simplistic and frustrating.
Probably not as good as her previous books which I have not read.  I read this after reading a review.  I think it should have said to read the others first to get the most out of the book.
I didn't enjoy this book as much as I thought I would given the reviews. Was it my state of mind at the time or the story line ?
I started this book after reading many of the reviews.  In the reviews there was nowhere where it said that the book is filled with the "F" word.  No one in real life talks with that much swearing, especially a woman.  I was very turned off by the book.  I didn't even end of finishing it because it was so degrading to read.  I don't mind swearing in books, but this was going overboard.  Why can't people write a book without the use of all the profanity.  Don't think I'll read one of her books again if that is the way she writes.
I thought this was interestingly written and it certainly kept my attention with all the twists and turns. I thought about it when I wasn't reading it and didn't want to stop when I was. There were many things to ponder about the relationships in the book, none of which I would consider normal...whatever that is!
Suspense will keep you turning the pages because there are so many surprises in the story line.  The characters are not likable and  the ending left me feeling disappointed so I cannot rate this book 5 or even 4 stars.
I liked this book because it kept me guessing.  It is an unusual format which I liked a lot.  Wondering about the follow-up book written from the &#34;new&#34; angle.
The book Gone Girl was recommended to me by several people.  I will be the firs to admit that the story will grip you from page one.  Everytime that I thought that I had the book figured out I was wrong.  DEAD wrong.At the beginning, you really feel bad for Amy.  Amy is one of two main characters.  She disappears on her fifth wedding anniversary.  The way that you hear from Amy is through her diary.  One chapter is told by her husband Nick during the time of the disapperance.  The next chapter will be told by Amy through the diary.  The diary is supposed to give the reader a background look at Amy and Nick's relationship from dating through their present married state. Amy's diary is told by a lovestruck woman who "fawns" over everything that Nick does.  All the while, you really hate Nick.  From way he acts when finds out his wife is missing, to finding out he has been keeping a big secret, you will for sure think he killed her.  Did he?  I won't tell.. read for yourself.I will tell you this.  By the end of the book you hate them both. They are both twisted and sick individuals.  I am glad that this story is a work of fiction.  I truly hope that there are not people as sick as these two in the world.  It is still a good read that will keep you guessing.
This is a story of how a fictional marriage which apparently started out with love and happiness slowly becomes a nightmare of attachment due to pressures of economy, family responsibilities and, most importantly, the baggage of youth that each partner brought into the relationship.  We slowly learn each partner's side of the story of downfall through the day-to-day tale of the husband's perspective and what we believe to be the wife's diary during the first half.  Then we learn that both have deceived not only each other, but the reader also.  I couldn't put it down and will most likely read it again.
I am not someone who regularly chooses thrillers when making a book selection. Novels and chick-lit are more my cup of tea...but when I heard about this one, read the synopsis & reviews, I decided to give it a shot. The story was great and I really enjoyed the twists & turns throughout! It is intense & suspenseful with characters that draw you in whether you like them or not. I would highly recommend checking this one out!
I really liked the unusual plot.  I would have given it five stars except for the ending which I didn't like.
Other reviewers have revealed what the basic story is about, so I won't waste time here.  I just want to include my praise of this book.  I found it intriguing and written in an interesting way, alternating between the voices of the husband and wife.  It was hard for me to put the book down as the twists and turns kept me turning pages.  My only complaint was the ultimate resolution.  I had to think about that awhile to realize that, of course, this was the only way it could end.
This is one of the better audio books that I have heard as far as narrators go. I appreciate the producers bringing in two actors to play the main characters instead of only having one actor for both the male and female narration.This book did rope me in. It was a roller coaster of emotions and opinions of the main characters. From previous reviews I knew that there was a big plot twist somewhere in the story and I spent a lot my time listening trying to predict what that would be. In the end I wish that I would have read this instead of listening to it. I can read a lot faster than an actor can narrate and I think I would have been happier if it didn't take so long to get to the end.Oh the end... it really pissed me off. I hated, loathed and fantasized about murdering some of these characters myself. In some ways it is a testament to a writer's ability to be able to elicit such emotions from her readers. However, I wish I had never read/ listened to this story at all.
There were some really messed up things in this book that keep you interested and entertained.  It's sad because I'm sure there are many people out there like these characters who need some major help!  I hated the ending...
Great read. Glad this isn't my life! Story is written from two different characters perspectives, which makes for a page-turner that's tough to put down.
Kept me on the edge the whole time! Strong characters, good writing, and the plot while not expected flowed easily. The book did not feel forced.
Was engrossed right up until the end.  As much as I enjoyed the rollercoaster ride, the ending left me a little disappointed. It felt a little like a two part TV series and I was left with the to be continued....
This book was a page turner and it had a unique plot. However, I'm not a big fan of the f word ( hey I'm a mom with little ones and a teacher). some of the story line was great while there were several chapters I only scanned through waiting to get to the end of the book. it was an interesting angle for a thriller.
I would write a longer recommendation, but I can't put the book down long enough to do so. It's incredible. I think I know "who done it". Now off to download more of Gillian Flynn's works before I get back to the book.
It took until I hit the 60% complete to get into this book and didn't like the ending but it's well written and does keep you guessing.
I loved this book! So many unexpected plot twists...I was hooked from the very beginning! I can see how some readers could be disappointed by the ending, but it was completely unexpected and for me, that just made the story even better. I would definitely recommend this book.
There are no words for how amazing and thrilling this read is. A page Turner for sure. I know I'll be reading this again and again.
Flynn must have killed the verbal SAT, her knowledge of correct grammar is impressive. Not sure that is important to a good book, though. The book starts off as if it has something important to say about marital relationships, but turns into a horror story with one of those impossible to thwart, impossibly inescapable villains blessed with perfect foresight. In other words, it turns to schlock. Of course, Flynn is going to be crying all the way to the bank if people criticize her book, since it is being made into what will no doubt be a blockbuster movie.
When Nick's wife Amy disappears on the day of their fifth anniversary, the police automatically assume he's to blame. After all, the evidence points to him . . . and his constant lies don't help his case either. But is Nick as bad as he appears? And maybe Amy wasn't the sweet, doting wife she seemed to be either. If you are looking for a well-written, well-plotted mystery/thriller with some interesting twists and turns, this is the book for you.
Fantastic plot, read it in 2 days, slightly disappointed with the ending felt it was a bit rushed, but still a great read.
The book started a little slow but once the momentum starts the twists and turns keep coming. Very good book, easy read. I now understand why this was on the best seller list for summer reads.
Very well written, good plot and characters.  I just could not put this book down and it would be a great summer read!
This book has been so popular among my friends for a long time, and when I finally got around to reading it, I knew why.  I could not put it down.  It was intriguing from beginning to end.
This was the first novel that'd I read by Gillian Flynn and it lived up to the hype. I read it as fast as I could and then returned to the beginning to read it again. Then I bought her other two novels. Highly recommend.
REASON I GAVE THIS ONE STAR IS BECAUSE IT WAS THE MOST BORING BOOK I EVERREAD. IT WAS ABOUT NOTHING
It was a page turner for a while.  However, once she called Desi, the outcome seemed obvious.  It wasn't, but the mystery was gone.
I loved this book. It was clever and surprising. I am looking forward to reading Gillian's other books and she is now on my favourite authors list.
I just finished this story, and can't figure out why it's been on the best-seller list for so long.  To me, it was an OK read, but I absolutely loathed both of the main characters.  That isn't what make it just OK, though - I've read thousands of books, and haven't liked the main characters before, but enjoyed the read.  Maybe it was just that both of them were so totally self-involved, superficial, selfish, and mentally ill that it was difficult to care about the outcome for either one of them.  They certainly deserved what they got.  For me, they are an unflattering picture of what so many younger people (35 and under) have become in today's society, and except for wanting to know which one of them 'won,' I wouldn't have finished it.
First, the negative. I thought the plot slid off the rails a bit at the end. Although it had a strong sense of inevitability, it was somewhat over the top and became repetitious in the last 30 pages or so. But that doesn't mean the ending dragged, it just wasn't as strong as the rest of the book.That said, it definitely gets five stars!! Why? 1) I could not put it down (took time off work to read, which I haven't done in a long time ... too long), 2) the writing is brilliant, 3) the characters leap off the page with life -- they are complex and hateful and completely understandable.I've been a fan of Gillian Flynn since Sharp Objects, and Gone Girl did not let me down.
I couldn't put the book down!  Every chapter kept you wanting for more.  Waiting until the very end is a killer for me, but what a smart thing to do as a writer.
I liked it until I knew they would get back together again and then I found it disappointing as I really did not like the character of the female in the story.
Oh man, every husbands worse nightmare, you know everyone always thinks the husband is the culprit.  Gone Girl made my skin crawl thinking about how incredibly easy it would be to pull this off.
This book is so twisted yet shows us how "love" can destroy some of us.  I could not put it down.  If I try to talk about the plot I might just spoil it for you. It is a not to be missed book.  You will not admire any of the characters and the end leaves searching your imagination for the final stages of this "greek" tale.
I had to read this for book club. While I acknowledge that it is well written, the sheer evil and language in this book really unsettled me, would not read again or recommend.
This novel is about 400 pages long.  The first quarter was all over the place;  there were descriptions and side stories that were numerous and uninteresting, but taking all this information in leads to how the rest of the story plays out.  The next two hundred pages were excellent, I couldn't wait to get home and read this book!  The last hundred pages give some idea of how the story will end, which could be any way imaginable.  I feel that the ending was a disappointment.  In the credits section, Gillian Flynn credits her editor for encouraging her after she almost abandoned her project 82.6% of the way through... and that seems very believable--perhaps writer's block set in and she simply tried to get the book completed after this point.  The ending fell really, really flat.
this book takes your sympathies up and down the spectrum as you try to figure out if Amy is a wronged angel or a devious devil.
I was riveted to this book and couldn't put it down and was really looking forward to how it was going to be wrapped up.  The book was excellent and very well written, but........the ending?? not so much.  I loved the book anyway.  Give it a read, you won't be sorry.
This is a very well written book with many unexpected turns. It is engaging, shocking and sometimes funny. I enjoyed the ride!
Well written, was hard to put the book down. Not the typical ending which I didn't like but that's just me, I like a little predictability
Read in one day so very good word writing but ending just seems like those movies that run out of funding and so have quick silly ending tacked on. Another reviewer said author got stuck towards end and it shows. It will keep your interest so give it 3 stars.
The writing was so good that I was drawn into this evil book.  Plots--twists and turns, Oh my....I just had to read to the end to find out what happened,
Yeah twenty words? This is the most twisted thing I have read in years. What happens when you piss off a psychopath? What happens when you piss off your brilliant, amazingly brilliant, wife? And the two are the same person? You get this. The story was well crafted, excellent mechanics, supreme control of the story arc, really hard to put down. The ending? As supremely messed up as it is possible it be.  Yeah read it.
The story has a slight twist but mostly predictable. I finished the book but it did take me longer than it typically takes me to complete a book. It didn't hold my interest liked I has hoped.
Good book as far as keeping your attention. A little all over the place as far as the story goes. I could see it going in a different direction and being much more appealing.
More twists and turns here, even when you think you know what's going on.  Found it a bit slow going at first and then it suddenly changes and it's off and the twists and turns keep you guessing  - even when you think you know what's going on.  The ending felt a bit like the author couldn't decide which way to go.
Gone girl is a fascinating book about 2 very sick people.  Warning it is one that you want to quit reading but can't.  When wife, Amy disappears on her 5th wedding anniversary leaving the impression that her husband is the blame, the reader enters the twisted mind of an unhappy woman and witness the lengths she goes to to make a point.  The ending is clever but unsatisfying. If you enjoy psychological whodunits you will appreciate this book.
This book was incredibly well written, easy to read, and suspenseful. Once I started reading I was immediately hooked could not put it down. About halfway through there is a surprise twist that I never saw coming. The only reason I have 4 stars instead of 5 was I was really disappointed in the ending, which I felt the author could have resolved a little better. If you like suspenseful stories featuring psychological aspects of relationships, this is the book for you. I liked the writing style so much I immediately purchased another book from the author. I highly recommend it.
I have thoroughly enjoyed Gillian Flynn's books.  She knows how to explore the extreme darkness in people in such a way that you have to really shake it off after you are finished reading one of her stories.  I read a lot of mystery/thriller types of books and it is maddening when the story is intense, but the writing is poor.That is NOT the case with Gillian Flynn.  She is an excellent writer.I am still reeling from the detailed, twisted story she created in Gone Girl.  I was literally left speechless.  I've honestly never encountered such a dysfunctional marriage/relationship in literature before.  The major twist in the story was a huge one - and one that I did not anticipate.  I would have given this book 5 stars just for that twist.But, oh, the ending.  I turned the page after the last sentence and expected something.  Another page.  An epilogue.  SOMETHING.  I was so let down, saying "wait - that is it? NOOO."I still think it is a worthy read.
When I read a book, I want to be able to root for someone. I want to learn something about human nature. There's no one to care about here and the only characteristic that these people have is sociopathic tendencies. I really don't run into people like this in real life. I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone.
A thriller from page one!  I love this author and would recommend this book to anyone who likes a good mystery.
I haven't finished completely but keep looking for ways to sneak in a few pages here and there at work.  Definately a GOOD book!
I started reading this book while on a trip to China and it started out strong (so strong that despite desperately wanting to get back home I almost missed my flight because I was so engrossed in the book).  This book, which starts out believably, deteriorates into this fantastical cat and mouse game that is beyond implausible. It's like the author made a bet to see how long she could string people along. NO ONE could believe this story.  The ending of this book is beyond unsatisfying I actually felt robbed of my time and money when I finished it.  I read this book in December, it's now April and I'm writing the review because I haven't forgotten how much I hated it.  Save your money.
I enjoyed  the back and forth, he-said, she-said. It kept me wondering who's version was the the truth. I was not happy with the ending, just because I don't feel that justice was served. Butsometimes life isn't fair either! I would recommend this book to anyone who likes suspense and drama.
FINALLY an author that writes suspense in an inventive way that kept me on the edge of my seat, couldn't put it down AND could not predict what would happen next.  Kudos. On to reading more of her books--happy!
This book was the most original story I've read in a long time! It kept me guessing right down to the last twist!
After reading this book I understand why it's been at the top of the best seller's list and why it's being made into a movie. Great read that has you thinking that you know what's going to happen next only to keep you guessing.
All I have to say is that I didn't see that coming! It's one of the best books I've read in a long time.
It took me all of five pages to realize I was born around the same time as the author(same year). So that's a good thing, because I got a lot of the inside jokes and references. I was stupid and read the big spoiler beforehand, but it didn't stop me from enjoying the book. I probably would've guessed it anyway; you can see it coming from a mile away (Not bragging, but I did say "Is Bruce Willis a ghost?" when my friend told me I'd never believe the ending of The Six Sense). So anyway, the second half is where the good stuff really kicks in. It starts to lag and get repetitive near the end of the second act, but that's just building up for the big finale. The big OMG at the end was also viewable from space and not that shocking. By that point, we know who these people are and what they're capable of. So read it and smile if you're happily single, or happily  marri... hee hee. Awww, I almost got that last part out without laughing.
It was love at first sight for Nick and Amy Dunne. They fell madly in love, had a whirlwind romance and, when we meet them at the beginning of this book, it is the day of their 5th wedding anniversary, and they are anything but in love.This is a story of a marriage gone horribly wrong. The first 19 chapters or so are devoted to Nick and Amy's tortuously long-winded journal. Here is where Flynn lays the background for the unraveling that happens later. I almost stopped reading the book entirely during this first phase because quite honestly, the journals were so boring and tedious to read through. However, now that I've finished the book I realize that the laying down of that foundation was crucial to the success of the novel.Be warned, things are not as they appear. Just like her characters, Flynn is leading us on a wild goose chase the entire time, playing with us and using us the same way the characters are using each other. This whole book is one big, twisted game and we're thrown right into the mix as its unwilling players.The language is as gritty as the characters; there are "F" bombs galore, as well as explicit sexual references, but the language and the sex do not distract from the plot; as a matter of fact, (and this is coming from someone who distains such inclusions) I felt they enhanced the story. These are the types of characters who tell it like it is - no holds barred. They are smart, sassy, caustic, and very transparent. These are the type of people that HAVE to curse in order to tell their outrageous stories. It would be a watered down, joke of a book if they didn't.  So please don't let the fact that they do so prevent you from reading this book...just go along with it - it's worth the effort.I have to say that this is the craziest book I've ever read, but after all is said and done, I enjoyed it. Yes, it's dark, gritty, wild and insanely unbearable at times, but that's what makes it so good. The only thing I didn't like was the ending; compared to the rest of the book it was rather anticlimactic. Nevertheless I recommend this read wholeheartedly.Enjoy.
Gripping tale that is told very well. I was a bit disappointed in the ending, and didn't really believe it, but it's Flynn's piece of work, not mine. So be it. Despite the ending, the writing is very good and it's a page turner.
I've learned one thing from all the reviews:  if there are a lot of one star ratings, save your money. This book must hold the world's record for use of the &#34;F&#34; word.  I think the author has a talent for writing hidden in there somewhere and should try relying on that instead of shocking her readers.  Does she really want to be remembered in the literary world for trashy novels? I suggest the author try again, and write with a little class this time.
Folks, someone has to say it:  there's a vast difference between good writing and crude language, so let's not confuse the two.  No one would confuse the experience of dining at a five-star restaurant with dumpster diving, so let's not pretend that the "C" word is a hallmark of witty dialogue.  Even if we are to overlook Gillian Flynn's lowbrow language, there is little to praise in this story.  Tone?  Painfully narcissistic.  A writer (disguised as a character) breaking off from the narrative to compliment her own brilliance is about as clever as a model immersed in her own reflection.  Characters?  Whining, unsympathetic, one-dimensional cartoon cliches.  Plot?  So far-fetched it can't be taken seriously, but neither is it funny.  If you want to read a novel that successfully blends an outlandish storyline with humor and satire then I strongly recommend  Naked Came the Leaf Peeper, a collaborative storytelling jamboree from Asheville, North Carolina. On the other hand, a story that is truly dark and sinister with a well-paced narrative, strong characters, and a compelling mystery is Christine Falls by Benjamin Black.  I exhort you to spend your time and money wisely!
This is an interesting mystery about the disappeance and possible murder  of a wife on the the fifth anniversary of her marriage. The book shifts back and forth between the husband  telling his story and the wife doing the same. The book held my interest for the most part but it began to be predictable.It is an unusual approach and well written .  I think most readers will enjoy it.
Essentially one more story about the ebbs and flows of a sociopath, with the addition of a narcissist to mess with. I won't tell you who is who so as not to spoil the story. I liked some of the turns of phrases in the book. I only liked two characters: Go, Nick's sister, and the female cop.Basically, I'm bored with stories about sick people and how sick they are. Flynn is a good craftsman in terms of crafting this story, but I found it unbelievable most of the time. If it had been mostly about how a marriage can go wrong--a cautionary tale--I may have liked it more.
What an ending! How a relationship between a married couple can go so wrong that one would rather see a person in jail rather then work for the good.
This book immediately had my attention and I could not put it down... I really enjoyed it. The characters were very interesting. I do have to agree that the author seemed to bail out at the end. Its like when you have a sneeze coming and your nose tickles and you are waiting for it... and then nothing. But I am not sorry I read it.
Great Thriller from the page to the last one. Had a hard time putting it down; but I wish Amy had gotten what she deserved.
Okay - not wonderful.
I resisted buying this book for a while I'm not sure why but I was sure I wouldn't like it but I was completely wrong. This book was so incredible I really enjoyed it. I felt like I devoured it. One thing though when I got to the end I thought for sure there had to be more, Buy now I'm not sure if it's because I felt like there wasn't really an ending or if I really just wanted more.Buy Gone Girl it is incredible.
I LIKED THE BOOK AND I LIKED THE AUTHORS STYLE.  I WAS DISAPPOINTED WITHIS THE ENDING.  I FELT THE VILLIAN IN THIS BOOK SHOULD  HAVE NOT GOT OFF SO EASY.
There are over 10,000 reviews of this book so at this point there is not much to add. When I was debating over reading this book I noted that a lot of reviewers were not pleased with the ending.  With that I totally agree.  It's a good read for a long flight or when you want to pass some time.  There are parts that are a little implausible but its a good read - except for the ending.However, for those who have not read it, its best read knowing very little about the story.  That lack of knowledge going in clearly adds to the suspense.
It was an absorbing read, but in review it was quite far fetched and the main characters were not credible. I think it could have ended more appropriately.
Very witty writing in parts with laugh out loud humor but overall very disturbing.  It felt like the book was too long overall and it lost my attention.
I do not want to give away.. And make the story less impressive or twisting for you as it was for me. So I will be brief! This was different and twisted, both in plot and character! I was hooked and didn't let go until the end. And even then I wanted more....Can't wait to discuss this in book club!!
I rushed out to get this book at the library the second I read a review that said "the ending will be like a punch in the stomach"As I read through the book, I was annoyed by the terrible writing style. Could not believe the conversations the police were having. Totally unreal and would never happen in reality. I thought that maybe the author had a purpose for making some things nonsense. That it would all come to an ending that was creepy or Hitchcock-like.In fact, I came up with so many possible endings as I was reading the book, I scared myself!But to have it end the way it did was anticlimactic and poorly written.No imagination what so ever.The author introduces you to so many characters and subplots, there is room for really mind blowing endings. But so many loose ends, I think the author couldn't keep it all straight herself, so how could we??I would sum it up as a long story that drones, is weird,weakly thought up characters, goes nowhere and ends with a phzzt. Nothing. waste of time to a boring ending.
Unbelievable story could not believe the steps she took just to keep her husband.And her parent find' t even know there daughter too busy writing books about the only child they had after so many miscarriages they h a d. This end w a s not what I expected to happen and not to mention the had a child with all thiscrazyness on bothThere parts.
I liked the writing style of the author in this book. The twists in the plot were very interesting too. It took a few turns that weren't expected, which I like in any style of book. I also liked that it was written from two different perspectives, switching back and forth between the husband and the wife's perspective. Therefore, trying to decipher whose story was true or not was an entertaining task. However, I did not enjoy how graphic it got in some parts of the book. I am not excessively prudish and I understand that it may have contributed to the overall story, but I just felt like some of the situations described were unnecessarily sexual in nature, but more than that, a base and depraved sort of sexuality that did not contribute positively to the quality of the book. Those portions of the book didn't cater to the "cleaner" style of writing I usually enjoy. It was an interesting veer off the course of my usual book choices, but I do not think I will be reading any more of her books, however well-written they may be.
This book had such a strong following I thought it couldn't miss. But it did. For me, the start was weak and the ending was weak. I liked the middle, but a good book needs more than just a good middle.
This book keeps you guessing until almost the end.  It was a surprise twist halfway through.Incredibly well written for anyone who loves a mystery.
The story line is very interesting actually, but the ending is a huge let down. Read at your own risk if you have nothing better to read.
Ugh. Why is this book so popular?  I don't get it.  I didn't care about either character and didn't care who killed whom.  I didn't relate to anyone at all.  Some friends said she killed him, some said she didn't.  I don't care.
Overall, I enjoyed the book.  The story kept you on the edge of your seat waiting for the next revelation to take you by surprise.  While I enjoyed the tale immensely, the ending left much to be desired.
This book is getting a lot a buzz and I'm happy to say it lives up to the hype. This page turner so twisted and disturbing but so amazing. Can't wait to read her other novels.
I really didn't enjoy reading this book but was very, very curious to see how it would end -- does this make it a good book?
Not the best book I have read but it was interesting and different. I'm sure there will be a sequel so I can't wait to see what she does next.
I have to admit that this book had me interested from the get go. It was very good until the ending. The ending of the book ruined the whole book.
...which is ironic given how both this novels narrators want attention and manipulate the public to make themselves seem likeable. This book manipulated me to seem likeable, despite how horrible it is.Picture it: Book Club. June 2014. We finally read Gone Girl. I remove my glasses and fold them neatly in my lap before delivering a pretentious takedown of the novel, the asinine reasons it's popular, and thereby deconstructing everything that is wrong with popular culture in America (and therefore, America itself) in one fell swoop.What really happened: OMFGGUYSILOVEGONEGIRLI will try not to spoil anything, but this isn't a book that relies on cheap shocking twists to be entertaining. It isn't &#34;spoiled&#34; if you know what's going to happen, although the suspense is a huge part of its appeal. This is a rare book in which I actually couldn't wait to see what happens next. I'm not a plot-driven person. I like character analysis, and Gone Girl has that too. Plus, the writing is wonderful. Gillian Flynn does an amazing job of capturing the voice of two different characters (it helps that they're both writers).It's a fascinating portrayal of a relationship that is at once so-totally-twisted and at the same time relatable. And even though one of them (maybe both) is a crazy sociopath and the other (or maybe both) is a murderer, they're two sides of the same coin, and I found myself early on hoping that they would get back together in the end because, honestly, I can't see these two wackjobs in a relationship with anyone else.I kind of wish I hadn't waited so long to read it, but I'm glad I finally did.
WARNING!!! SOME SPOILERS!!!!I write this review with much trepidation. Was the book immensely readable? Yes. Well written? You bet! But after 400 pages of tormenting our poor protagonist....where is the retribution? I. Need. Catharsis. I suppose I should be thankful that the book wasn't scripted, that the ending actually made me FEEL something. I literally threw the book across the room after reading the final page.This is like seeing a horror movie where NOBODY escapes. Only this time the chainsaw-wielding ghoul is a manipulative psychopath.
This book was just insane... This is the first time where I've read a book and thought I knew what was going to happen, and I was so wrong . Most books you read and every time there is a climax...you think&#34;I know what gonna happen&#34;...and it does..so predictable right? Well this book...you never know why's going to happen. Here you have Nick an awful ass husband who doesn't deserve a good wife like Amy....or so you think... That's all I can say without ruining this for everyone else.. This book constantly left me shocked I found myself devouring this because I just needed to know why happened next
What a book! Gillian Flynn writes a truly dark romance/suspense novel. Just when you think you have the characters figured out, a sharp turn in the road changes the trajectory entirely.
Gone girl was a different book. Very good with lots of twists. The ending is a real twist, held your interest the whole time.
I am an avid reader and I read this great novel last year when it was first released.  Unfortunately, that was before I owned my new Kindle Fire HD, and it was downloaded from B&N to my Nook (my e-reader at that time).  Nevertheless, this is one of the best books I've ever read...and definitely one of the best psychological thrillers. I highly recommend it anyone who reads books in this genre. I have since downloaded books onto my Kindle Fire HD, and am so glad I made the transition (upgrade) to the Kindle Fire HD. (ha, ha...here you get 2 reviews in 1)
Didn't really care for this book. Very slow and boring over halfway thru book. Ending was not very good either. Guess it was left for a 2nd book? Will not buy 2nd book. Normally Gillian Flynn is a good read...not to me this time. Sorry.
Interesting, almost compelling to read the next chapter. Not because I really liked it, but because I was wrapped up in the disturbing who was right, who was guilty question.
Gone Girl will surprise you page after page! The insanity of the characters will make you want to NOT do something you need to do just so you return to the book!
I would have given it five stars if it were not for the ending. I loved the writing style and pace...
Gone Girl: A NovelI am astounded at the positive press this novel got from reviewers.  It stretches the plausibility factor as thin as it can be drawn.  It is overlong, ploddingly paced and amazingly repetitive.  It is predictable in the extreme and gives the reader two totally dislikeable people.  These are not charming villains--Richard II, Hannibal Lecter, for example--but two people it is almost hell to spend so many pages with--think "No Exit" horrible people.  The wife is a monster of the first order and the husband is the most implausible fool in the history of literature.  To believe this nonsense we have to think that the police who have been burned by just such tabloid story fictions as this one never smell a rat.  And we have to assume that a husband will throw all caution to the wind and sleep beside a murderous spouse whom he loathes.  In reality there is only one adjective to describe such a man--dead.  And this potboiler by a formerly talented writer is just that DOA.
A well written novel with a plot twist I didn't see coming and the conclusion leads to speculation as to the ultimate outcome.
This is a very good book.  I could not put it down.  It kept me on the edge the entire book.
And this book doesn't.And it's all the more upsetting when the book could have been really good if the ending didn't suck so bad.Note to authors and publishers:Fudge the deadline, if the ending isn't good.  Just delay the publication until you GET IT RIGHT!!Hitting a deadline with a bad ending is just not worth it.And this happens all the time, not just this book.
LIKE A HE SAID, SHE SAID.  VERY CLEVER WRITING AND BELIEVABLE STORY RIGHT TO THE END.  EASY TO SEE WHY IT STAYED ON BEST SELLER LISTS SO LONG.
The style of writing was very different so it took more attention to get &#34;into it&#34;.  I had to reread the first couple of chapter to undersand what was going on.  As I read through it, I still questioned--why was this book so highly rated.  I kept with it though; taking a much longer time to read it than usual.  Very disappointed with the ending.  I want a conclusion not the one that was chosen.  I certainly would not recommend it to any one!
Slow to start, but then it took right off. I found it very hard to put down once it got rolling.
I love a good mystery.  This wasn't one.  As a matter of fact it sounded like a defense lawyers dream for Drew Peterson, whose fourth wife is still missing while he is on trial for the murder of his third wife.  It is disgusting in dwelling on the sick mind of a missing woman and hardly the making of a good mystery. The one star is for the writing ability of the author, who may be able to write a good book in the future, but this is not it.
I was really swayed by outstanding reviews. i patiently read each chapter waiting for it to pick up the pace. There were some surprises and predictable twists. Not worth $13 wait for it to get cheaper it's even worth waiting until you can get it at the library or used book store.
It was intriguing to read, the twists and turns made it one where you could not guess at the ending.  My personal opinion is that it was a bad ending but then I prefer to have justice and happiness.
The book, Gone Girl, was intertaining but in my opinion was a little far fetched as far as the story line goes.
I enjoyed the myster of the book.  I could not believe the wife planned her disappearance and she and her husband were co-dependent after all she put him through.  Amy got away with murder which I don't like to see in the end.
This is a great page turner. There are twists and turns and the reader is never sure what is real. The story may become slightly too convoluted as it contrives a little too hard to twist and then twist again. A surprising insight - well for a non-American - is the desperation and desolation that the recession has caused for many ordinary Americans.
A novel you won't want to put down. It reads fast with exciting twists and turns. Good format to keep you turning pages.
It is about a boy and girl, they meet marry and then the girl goes missing. The story of hope, mystery, and suspense. It is a suspenseful thriller that will keep you on the edge of your seat. Who did it?
Weird and Interesting are probably the best way to describe this book. I decided to read it after talking with some friends who had read it and I had also heard about them making it into a movie. It think it was a good book and I enjoyed it, however I feel it did have a bit of a slower start. I definitely think you should read the book before watching the movie (of course that's always my recommendation). I enjoyed it and would read it again therefore I have recommended it to others.
I enjoyed reading the body of the book but, was extremely disappointed with the ending.  As I was reading this book I heard that they want to make it into a movie. I can see with the undramatic ending that they'll be open to sequels.  I will not read the sequel. It's such a letdown when you're reading a good book and it ends like it did.
Some books are impossible to review accurately with the risk of spoilers. In the case of Gone Girl, Gillian Flynn's third crime thriller, the trouble isn't so much that I have to give away specific plot details as that I have to discuss the narrative structure in a way that might make alert readers able to predict some of those details when they otherwise wouldn't have. Those who want to experience the novel without such inadvertent guidance should avoid reading beyond the first paragraph of this review, and content themselves with this capsule statement: Gone Girl is a compelling page-turner, but turns away from the insight into real human behavior that might have made it a literary as well as a plot-driven triumph.That ultimate lack of insight is all the more disappointing because the book initially suggests a nuanced and thoroughly contemporary character study. The protagonists, Nick Dunne and his wife Amy, were writers in New York City until the economic downturn left them both jobless. The nearly-simultaneous news that Nick's mother was terminally ill made a move back to his Missouri hometown seem like a good idea. But within two years their already-fragile relationship is so strained that when Amy disappears on the morning of their fifth wedding anniversary, Nick soon becomes the prime suspect. His first-person narration of events after the disappearance alternates with Amy's diary entries about their life together, and between the two accounts there are enough questions raised to make a reader wonder whether Nick, an admitted liar, is really capable of murder.This first section of the novel, which takes up about half of its 400 pages, is a brilliant blend of plot development and character work. Both Nick and Amy are complicated, frustrating, ultimately sympathetic human beings, and the emotional dynamics of their marriage, which threaten to undermine their obvious mutual love, reflect modern problems of gender, gender roles, and sexism. Nick is a bit of a cad, spoiled, selfish, sometimes petulant, often blind to his wife's needs, while Amy is so concerned with being a generous, understanding, non-traditional wife that she can't bring herself to admit the existence of those needs. All this plays out against the backdrop of the uncertain modern economy, in which not just the Dunnes but their neighborhood of abandoned McMansions, their town of unemployed, rootless indigents, seem permanently perched on the brink of disaster. If the rest of the book had maintained this emphasis on character and setting, Gone Girl would have been one of my favorite novels of the year.Instead, the halfway point brings a plot twist that throws everything you think you know into doubt. As a story development this is mostly well achieved, though one of the devices used verges on a narrative cheat and I'm not sure of the plausibility of certain points. The problem is that the revelation completely undermines the established characterization, and what replaces it isn't nearly as interesting as the Nick and Amy you thought you were reading about. Personalities like the one that dominates the second half of Gone Girl do exist, but they're rare in real life and overexposed in crime fiction, where they allow for twisty plotting and chilling (but ultimately less than profound) character study. As a story this one is indeed satisfying-- I read the last 200 pages in a single sitting-- but it doesn't really have anything to say about the world we live in. Near the end there's something approaching a theme about the nature of love, but the character and plot points involved are so exaggerated that its deeper relevance is minimal.Here as in her first two books, Gillian Flynn is a sharp, distinctive, often funny writer whose prose is compulsively readable without sacrificing character voice. She knows how to contrive and select details and incidents that make her protagonists distinctive as individuals yet recognizable as people dealing with universal human dilemmas. And she can shape a plot like nobody's business. Unfortunately, in the case of Gone Girl the latter skill works to the detriment of the former ones, with story swallowing theme and character. The book does too much too well not to earn a recommendation, but it's also a deeply frustrating experience.
This was a great book until the end that is. Thi book could have been one of the greatest books of all time them the ending vame and I felt ripped off. Wish I would NOT have read it...
It started out a bit slow, got better with a twist at the middle. My problem is that I really don't believe the ending. I would not have made the same choice as Nick. Some of the twist and turns came out as too clever, like the author showing off a bit.
After slogging through this tale of distasteful characters (the only one I liked was the female detective), I was furious at the "ending." The writing is great; that's why I kept going. I'm angry at the author for leaving us hanging. I was going to buy more of her books, but won't now - unless maybe there's a sequel to "Gone Girl." Then I'll reconsider.
This has to be one of the worst books I have ever read. Stupid story line, vulgar, totally unbelievable. I cannot believe it is on any best seller list. The only reason I kept reading it was because I was hoping it would greatly improve. That did not happen. Don't waste your money. I wish I could get back the hours I spent reading it.....
I heard rave reviews about this book and even Amazon listed it on its Best Books of the Month.  Part I of the book was unnecessarily long and the author seems to have had realized this and thus rushed the last two entries of Part I which give away the character's intentions.  Then there is build-up and more build-up and omg moments and then Part III, the part we are waiting for....and.....nothing.  The author is tired of writing after 400 pages and runs out of imagination so she just ends the book....worst ending ever...it does not reflect the great build-up and it makes me wish I never read the book.  A good book is one you never want to end but I want all my time back.  I saw most of the &#34;surprise&#34; parts coming long before they happened but many were good, but the conclusion was disappointing not because of what happened or didn't happen but because it was poorly written and unimaginative and lazy.  Don't waste your time unless you have lots of time.  If you're just wondering about all the hype, just read the summary of the book which is $2.
This book did keep me intrigued and for the most part, I found myself anxiously waiting to see what would come next. But, I hated the two main characters. I know that given the circumstances of the book, it would be hard to really like either one of them by the time the book ends. But, I really ended up despising both of them - so much so that I think it has colored my opinion of this book. It was very well written and an interesting read so I will definitely check out other books by Gillian Flynn. Thanks to Nick and Amy for killing most of my enthusiasm for this book.
And it was okay. I don't hate the characters like some other readers seem too. I can understand how they get that way (is that bad?). Anyway, I read it over two days because I didn't want to stop. I HATE the ending because it just drops off. That's why I gave 4 stars instead of 5. It makes you evaluate the personal relationships in you life and see how other people may see you. It's nice to have a quick read with a bit of purpose.
I was really into this novel, and disappointed with the end, although how else could it end? I would (and have) certainly recommend this book .
Throughout the book you learn about the characters on a deep level.  You learn about their good traits and their terrible, twisted, plotting thoughts.  These thoughts give you insight into the characters' actions and provide motive for their behavior.  The plot gets twisted and emotional and provoking, and at this point in the book you can't put it down.  Then it ends.  And it's just like that.... it ends without a real ending or purpose.  It was an honest let-down after all the time you invest in reading and thinking about the details and scheming that occur in the book.  I plan on reading one of Flynn's other books because I enjoyed the unique style of "Gone Girl".  However, if it also ends badly it will be my last one.
This novel has two of the least appealing protagonists it is ever been my misfortune to encounter. It is an excellent mystery and well written but I couldn't get past my distaste for the main characters. By the time I got to the end of the book I didn't care what became of either of them because their behaviour and actions were so horrible. That is a very sad commentary on a novel. I know it shows up on a lot of reading lists but I can't recommend it to anyone.
This was a book that I read in 24 hours.  At first I thought I knew where it was going and became so angry with one of the characters I almost stopped reading the book and then the whole thing changed in a way I didn't see coming.  It was a great read!  You will enjoy the twists and turns!
Rarely does a story continue to surprise, page after page. This one keeps us guessing, and the twists and turns do not seem contrived. I agree with other readers that it weakens a little at the end, but it remains true to its characters and plot. I couldn't put it down.
This was hard to stay with. Several times I thought this isn't for me. To much back and forth between the characters. About 45% into the book we find the reason for it all.It now is more interesting.
I love a who-dunnit, and this one delivered! Many twists and turns - cheering for a character one minute; then booing them the next.
Two-hundred pages in, this book had me on the edge of my seat, I couldn't put it down. Such inventive twists, such psychological cleverness.But then half way through, it became too much: too many details, too many detours, too much repetition.And then the ending just petered out. A real disappointment.With a final surprising twist ending, it could have been the best book of the decade. So sorry it wasn't.
I read this book before it was really popular, and I still know it was a waste of my time. The writing is not great, and neither is the story. I could hardly get through it. I can't understand why it I'd so popular. I have worked everyone I know to not waste their time on it!
I did not like the book at all - some of the puzzles were intriguing, but all the characters were thoroughly dislikable, so it was not enjoyable for me.The condition of the item was excellent, though, as was the shipping time, and I appreciate that.
I don't often write book reviews as books are much more subjective than a product for reviewing purposes.  However, I felt like an exception needed to be made regarding this book. Gone Girl started out really well.  The plot was interesting and kept my attention. Toward the middle I found myself liking neither character.  Toward the end, the story starts to fall apart. Echoing what others have said, it's like the author ran out of ideas and couldn't come up with a reasonable conclusion.  The ending was one of the worst conclusions to any book I have read, and I read a lot.  I have read that they may make this book into a movie.  It will be interesting to see if Hollywood changes the ending.  Otherwise it will not do well, I predict.  No one wants to pay money and get a crappy ending.  I wish I had saved my money instead of wasting it on what good have been a good read.
The story and writing kept me enthralled.  A real page turner with lots of OMG moments.  I recommend it to anyone who likes a lot of  plot twists.
I'm really not much of a murder mystery reader, but a friend highly recommend this one so I thought I would give it a shot. First I would like to say this was a superbly written novel. The story is so captivating that I had trouble putting it down! I just had to see how it was going to play out. Although the ending kind of left me with a lot of unanswered questions, I was still satisfied and would recommend this book. The writers imagination is OFF THE HOOK!!!! I guess you really don't know what goes on inside the head of the person you think you know the most , don't let the negative reviews sway you on this one! Read it for yourself and you'll be surprised!!
1/4 and 3/4 into the book was good enough to not want to put down and those spots only lasted for about 3-4 chapters.  The beginning, the middle and the end............well I kept thinking and asking myself why did I waste ten bucks??? There are many, many other books I would have rather bought.  Very disappointed and certainly wished I could get a refund, but I know that's not ever going to happen.  Just have to learn my lesson on this one.  And to the author, you should have named it Messed Up Girl, or Effed Up Girl, or even Gullible Guy, that would have worked.
You just have to get through the first quarter of the book,  the author spends a lot of time setting the scene .  Then it gets really really good,  trust me
I actually avoided reading this for a while due to the immense media hype.  But am glad I finally took the time to read it.  A twisting plot which I couldn't have predicted at all.  No spoilers here so I would recommend you read it.
I know it's super popular right now, so I'm obviously in the minority, but I thought this book was very foul and crude. I don't need the f-bomb every sentence, and crude references to sex and body parts in order to get that a character is gruff. The relationship between the main characters is sick and twisted, too. The book left me feeling sad and hopeless, not delighted at the telling of a good yarn.
I enjoyed the mystery of this book.  I was never sure in most parts what would happen.  The couple is a roller coaster.
Haven't finished reading it yet so I can't make any futher comments about it. Will tell more when finished. ?
I have read Ms. Flynn since Sharp Objects (which was a bit forced in many ways,needed major editing, but made me want to read more from this author).  I read Dark Places in two days, and have been waiting to see what she would offer next.I am not going to bore those who read these reviews with the POV, plot, character development as others here have done a very concise job.Nick and Amy....where does one begin?  This is truly a study in psychotic behavior that made me think...do I know anyone quite this twisted and dangerous? I knew a really creepy guy many years ago, but he did not reach the level of danger of Nick/Amy.  I won't even go into the experience I had with a sociopath boss I suffered with for too long.  Suffice it to say, people like this do exist and they are among us in all levels of life.  Ms. Flynn makes this fact very true-to-life.  She did her research.Almost all of the main characters in this story are flawed in major ways, and I only really felt empathy for Nicks' mother and sister.  The rest of the players could have been main characters in their own novel or, at least, a longish short story. At first, I liked Nick and Amy (kind of) but it did not take me long to wish they would both disappear.  Two of the most self-absorbed, selfish, people portrayed in a very realistic way. I did not want to be their friend.There are several twists and turns, but Ms. Flynn drops enough hints that I had most of them figured out ahead of time.  She is such a good storyteller that I did not mind. The device used near the end to explain some physical "injuries" to Amy seemed rather unbelievable but I chose to overlook that as the rest of the book was so entertaining.In the end, if that is what one wants to call it, I thought, there is some kind of sick justice here except for the major bombshell that I will not disclose which would be a spoiler.I hope that Gillian Flynn is at work on another good story.  If she keeps this up she will keep many of us up all night!
This was an amazing (ha!) book. I felt bad  for Nick and really and truly despised Amy. I wish there was a revenge ending, but it was still really good. Sick and twisted but really good.
An interesting look into the dysfunctional relationship between two people with personality disorders.  Hate/love, addiction to pain and everything that goes with it.  I think the author did a good job portraying the push and pull between two people that are not likable but feed off of each other in very dangerous ways.  Interesting.
I loved Gillian Flynn's first two novels -Sharp ObjectsandDark Places.  When I first started reading "Gone Girl," I thought it was going to be a more conventional murder mystery and I was disappointed.  I shouldn't have been."Gone Girl" ends up having just as many twists and turns as Flynn's previous novels.  And I thought I had a dysfunctional family?  Wait until you read about Nick and Amy Dunne.The evidence is mounting that Nick Dunne did away with his wife.  Did he? This book will keep you guessing (just like Flynn's others) until the very (disturbing) end.
I bought this as an audiobook.  It reads and sounds like it was written by a bunch of adolescents who got together, had a few beers, and wrote it together for a joke.  Maybe part of the fault lies in the narrators, who I couldn't bring myself to like, but they can't be blamed too much because what they had to work with was pretty sophomoric stuff.  I bought the audiobook on the basis of its great reviews and a plot description that seemed as though it might be interesting.  I kept hoping, waiting for the story and the characters to start becoming interesting .. plausible ... significant ... dare I say even worth listening to.  I kept waiting, hoping an editor would crash the beer party, take a look at this story and say, "Hold everything.  This won't do!"
This is a first class read. Absolutely top grade. Since I judge a novel by: 1. Entertainment value, 2. Writing excellence, 3. Literary coherence, I'd vote for this book being the best of 2012, in my opinion. Having listened to it instead of reading it meant I couldn't skip ahead, so I ended up listening to it almost for two days without pause. Plus, as the chapters ping-ponged between Amy and Nick Dunne's first person narration, with two smooth-voiced, engaging and beautifully expressive voice actors (Julia Whelan and Kirby Heyborne ), my enjoyment was INTENSE.This is the first book I've ever read where almost everyone, including characters I liked, is unlikeable for varying reasons, yet the tension, suspense and caring about what happens next never let's up. One of the main reasons is everything you think you understand about Nick and Amy is quickly turned 90 degrees around in the next chapter, and then the next, and then the next, yet it is done so skillfully that loss of respect for the characters is tempered by their humanity, or because of their fantastic raw audacity and originality. Rhonda Boney, police detective, is one of two 'good' persons in the book, but she is simply a secondary character although I admired her the most for her decency. Nick Dunne's sister, Margo, is also nice, and a welcome relief for the reader as much as she is for Nick, providing succor and balance at moments that would be too full of misery and confusion, otherwise. Remarkably, every character is absolutely necessary for atmosphere, further information, or plot twist. I did not notice the slightest wrong note or lack of emotional believability in a single word - until after I was almost finished with the book. However, there is absolutely no way to review this book without spoilers. Not a single way!Nail-biting tension is maintained at the highest level! Do yourself a favor and don't start this book until you have the time to read it straight through! The plot twists SCORCH the brain with deep, concrete-breaking mental stops like tight brakes on a speeding car trying to make a sudden and definitely unexpected turn of the road. But like any car race, you must go on!This book reverberates with black humor, I think, but if so, the deadly seriousness on top is a cover for the author to not-so-underhandedly satirically mock marriage, love, desire, and most of all, crazed American celebrity culture, with bulls-eye accuracy. 'Amazing Amy' could be any current reality star from the Jersey Shore to Dallas, Texas to Orange County, California.Wake-up call, or is Flynn having fun? Whatever. I certainly had fun with Nick and Amy!SPOILER ALERT! Serious SPOILERS in the rest of my review! STOP here, if you don't want to ruin the book for yourself if you haven't read it yet!The following plot dissonances are the reasons I gave this four stars and not five. I noticed the problems too much to ignore. However, it still was a book I found difficult to quit. I wanted to read through to the end every time I picked it up again.I'm not a doctor or a detective, but it seems to me that if the police did an autopsy on Desi, who would certainly require one because of his murder, wouldn't they have found the presence of sleeping pills in his blood? That would have exposed Amy's lies. And it seems to me the frozen vomit would certainly have been degraded over time. After all, it was full of stomach acid, as well as being frozen. Its age, if not its condition and having been saved by Amy while continuing to live with Nick despite her having comparatively rich parents would have invited questions. Why would Amy keep such valuable evidence in the same house she shared with Nick in the freezer/refrigerator in the kitchen? And I never could understand why when she ordered several hundred thousands of dollars of stuff to harass Nick with debt that everyone also thought it was proof of Nick having murdered Amy. To me, it wasn't proof of that at all. Amy was the spoiled spendthrift, not Nick. Even if it looked like Nick had decided to buy all of that stuff, why on earth would he then hide it in that shed, and create a financial condition of bankruptcy and ruin? He would have lost his half-interest in the bar, the house, his sister's financial status would have been ruined, and she was the only person he loved. Besides, buying stuff like golf clubs is not the same as buying bomb-making supplies. How was this an indicator of planning Amy's murder, if he had bought it during the year before her disappearance while he was already financially shaky? The life insurance coverage revision did not ensure Nick's future, with his bar, his sister and his father, and of course, certainly not with that kind of credit card debt!Amy is a really fun psychopath Valley Girl character. Vengeance drove her to destroy anyone who she felt either embarrassed, annoyed or bested her to the exclusion of everything else in a very believable brain-damaged way - with the exception of her proposed suicide after she saw Nick's execution. That certainly indicated the depth of her rage, but did not fit her long-range planning, list-making, selfish intelligence. Amy seemed remarkably a small picture thinker to me, focused on how the world should obey and fulfil her, even if her brilliance was like a laser beam. In addition, Nick really surprised me at the end. Being that he was apparently forged into a new person that was allowing his formerly deadened, passive internal self to come alive by the danger of being with a psychopath didn't ring true - Nick appeared deadened because of depression and failure, not because of boredom and malaise. Since it seemed misery was the cause of his passivity, it didn't feel right that Amy proving herself to be a pregnant murderer would be the thing to attract him and make him feel empowered with the challenge. Despite the utter nihilistic, over-the-top solutions that the main protagonists decided on, I felt all of the other characters were spot on in that their personalities led them to their natural, normal conclusions and actions because of who they were. Since Gillian Flynn obviously can suss out expected personality reactions, I can only conclude that the wild way Amy and Nick responded to each other was intentionally world-destroying cataclysmic.None of the above damaged my enjoyment in the least.
Brilliant writing, with a disappointing end. Structure is interesting and the reader is kept off balance for most of the book.
Spoiler alert.......I was going to give it 1 star but I actually liked it until Amy contacted Devi. But, I continued reading..... I was quite disappointed by the end. Like the subject line of this review, read the book 3/4 through, then lose it and make up your own ending. I am sure it will be better!
While I appreciated the construction of this novel a couple of things got in the way of my total enjoyment.  First, if Amy was so unbelievably smart and thorough, why did she take such a large stash of cash when she disappeared?  I guess there wouldn't have been a story otherwise but it did not ring true for me that a person like her would be so careless to flash so much money when dealing with drifters as she did.  Additionally, I was not very fond of the ending.  It simply did not satisfy my desire to have her punished.  Well written and it kept my interest and I'm looking forward to seeing the movie.
I loved this book and its portrayal of Nick and Amy's marriage.  Without giving anything away, the villain in this book is incredible.  Others seem to have a problem with the ending, but I thought it was great -- very thought provoking and not what I had been expecting.  This was a wonderful read.
This novel is so overrated. I simply hated it, all smoke and mirrors. When the author is writing simply to jack me around I don't enjoy the book
So, I was late to the Gone Girl party! I've had it since last summer when it first blew up, but I just never got around to reading it. I recommended it to my hubby on our most recent vacation, however, and he became so deeply engrossed, that I felt compelled to know what all the fuss was about! I was not at all disappointed, but it did not quite live up to the hype for me (but then what does? When there is this level of excitement around a book, it can rarely measure up). I did find it to be spectacularly well written, and more significantly, incredibly well-plotted. It is not often that I read a book that amazes me in its imaginativeness, and Gone Girl did this for me. It went well beyond what I could possibly conceive, and I loved it for this alone. The only complaint I had was the ending. I won't spoil it, but it was infuriating! I think it was the perfect ending, but it definitely left me with so many thoughts. I was mostly just happy that my hubby had read it as well so we could discuss at length. Gone Girl is not the best book I've ever read, but it was a very good book, and I doubt that you'll be disappointed, even if you are like me and it doesn't quite live up to the hype.
Not a slow period in the book, ever.  Its a diary setup between both husband and wife, flip flopping back and forth.  I didnt think I would like that at first, proved me wrong.
I hate to only give this book 3 stars but I really was so so disappointed by the ending.  I feel like the author got tired and wanted to immediately wrap the book up so she ended the book without any thought.  I will say I could not put this book down and other then the ending, the book was awesome.
This is my first Gillian Flynn novel, and I'm confounded whether I'll read another. Gone Girl by turns had me interested, captivated, bored, indifferent, angry and disappointed. Unfortunately, the negative descriptors, in the end, outweighed the positive ones. The book is well-written, but with an oft recycled story line, yet told with relatively fresh insight despite being overlong and wordy. Nick Dunn is a handsome, anti-social, aimless man in a five-year marriage to socialite, spoiled, beautiful, Amy. When Amy disappears, chaos ensues. What follows is a mostly tepid, often plodding, journey through a sociopath's mind and the lengths he or she will go to validate their point of view. The book has its fair share of twists and turns, some genuinely interesting, some howlers, parceled out like expensive hors d'oeuvres in between long diatribes that lead nowhere and provide little insight and even less intrigue. The book hinges on whether or not you believe that the incredible web of deceit and lies is credible. Unfortunately, this reviewer didn't think so. The police and police procedures in the book fit nicely in the context, but provided little in the way of reality. There is a thinly-veiled attempt at a character obviously meant to be Nancy Grace, and she's none too subtlety lambasted throughout the book. Still, I was somewhat captivated by the story and my curiosity was peaked to see how it would all unravel. Not well, as it turns out. The ending was dreadful and preposterous. The already strained ties to reality broke like over-wound guitar strings. It pushed this book from somewhere in the OK category to somewhere below that. 2 1/2 stars for this one.
My relationship with this book was a lot like that of the main characters. It was a whirlwind of frustration and deceit, but I just couldn't break up with it. Nick and Amy's relationship was an addictive and toxic thing, with little satisfaction in the end. Just like this book.Normally, I don't like shifting first person perspectives, but it actually worked for this book, probably because the perspectives disagreed with one another. For a long time, I didn't know which character (or both) was the unreliable narrator, so I guess this story really couldn't have been written any other way. Also, each character had a strong voice that was highly distinguishable from the other, so there wasn't any confusion about whose perspective I was reading.The writing is tight and suspenseful, with a lot of insight into each character's thoughts, and truly surprising twists. Unfortunately, great writing alone does not a five-star story make. Especially when the reader absolutely despises both main characters and almost everyone else in this book, which I did. There were pretty much no redeeming qualities about anyone.The biggest disappointment for me was the ending. No surprise there; it seems a lot of people hated the ending. For good reason in my opinion. It was lackluster and anticlimactic. An unsatisfying ending can bring an entire story down, and that's what happened here. Not even superb writing or creative twists can save a story from its own horrible ending.I would only recommend this book to people who can forgive the fact that there is no one at all to root for, and enjoy a story solely for its twist and turns and writing style.
I liked the edge of the seat intensity. Kept trying to figure out if there was chink in her plot. Great book.
loved the plot, something many women might &#34;think&#34; of doing. It was a page turner and simply a good mystery.
This was a very interesting read.  I don't typically choose the thriller genre, but it was picked as a book group selection.The book is written in three parts -- the first part is significantly different, both in content and environment, than the second and third parts.  I did not really care for the first part, though I did like the latter parts better.My complaint about the first part centers on the thriller genre itself.  Since the author is the one writing the story and giving the clues, they control the &#34;ball&#34; so to speak.  I didn't feel like there was nearly enough information in the story to actually come up with a theory, and vague references to &#34;lies&#34; are insufficient to make me feel invested in the story or the characters (or form my own theory about the events).  I won't disclose any spoilers here, but suffice it to say I was annoyed throughout the first third of the book.I was much more invested in the characters in the second and third sections of the book and was constantly trying to figure out what would happen next.I did like the set up for each chapter -- the are succinct, short, and easy to read.  Because of this it was easy to pick up and put down as I had 10 or 15 minutes here and there to read.And I wish there was another chapter or two as an epilogue ... but then again, I'm not a writer.  =)Will I read this again?  Probably not.  Would I read something else by Gillian Flynn?  Maybe.
This was a can't-put-down thriller filled with twists and turns.  I really didn't see the ending coming. Now I want to read Ms. Flynn's other novels.
While I loved the first part of the book, it really made me feel like I needed to keep going to see what happened. The author wrote such a detailed and engrossing tale but then lost it. I felt the ending was not from the same book. I just couldn't see it happening. I wonder WHY she chose to go there. I do think it was entertaining even if I felt betrayed with the whole ending... Decide for yourself,
Could have been the greatest crime novel ever... until.. the end....fantastic idea for plot and character development however it seemed to all become a bit too much by the final chapter.well worth the read
I will admit the first 1/3s of the book was definitely "page turning don't want to put it down" love that you feel when you pick up a really good book BUT the beginning of the book doesn't make up for the somewhat forced middle of the book.  Without giving too much away does the author really think I'm supposed to believe this super intelligent individual was outwitted by societal drop outs?  Then I get to the last 1/3 of the book that essentially ruined the whole book for me.  The middle of the book began to cause me to roll my eyes at the lack of character development.  The last chapters were so ill-conceived and amateurish as to render the sharp writing the author displayed in the beginning of the book as just ridiculous!  By the final page I was upset I had invested precious time and energy in this unsatisfying froth that it actually left me wishing I had never started the book to begin with and taking the next step which is a first for me an avid book reader, warning my friends to avoid the book as well.  It really seemed the author took a vacation in the middle of writing this novel then had to hustle to meet a deadline so she just churned out some drivel without really thinking it through.  I really do believe that a book should be judged by the individual so by all means check it out from your local library (don't waste your money) and then let me know if you disagree. The one time in my 44 years that I have ever discouraged someone from reading a book but it truly was a colossal waste of my time!
I loved it and hated it at the same time.  No protagonists to like or root for.  But I couldn't wait to pick it up again to see what happens next. The ending did leave a lot to be desired.  &#34;kinda&#34; like the Sopranos ending.
I cannot stress enough how messed up this book is; but it is messed up in a good way. Gillian Flynn takes the reader through the lives of two people who are the most explosive, messed up, and just plain evil I have meet in literature. These characters are so horrible that you find them fascinating because you want to know what they will do next. This is a tough book to talk about because I am so afraid I will give something away.Gillian Flynn, is very good at twist and turns, but she has also wowed me with her ability to write an in depth character, that whether you like them or hate them, these characters are going to be hard to forget. Gone Girl is loaded with twist and turns that kept me going and held my attention. I read this after my wife so it was great to be able to talk about this book with her. Some of the situations in this book are so shocking that a person would do this that my level of interest never dipped once.Of course this is about the wife of Nick Dunne, missing and everyone in town pointing the finger at Nick. I will say that we the reader find out what happens a little over halfway through the book and all I could think of was, what on earth with happen in the rest of it. I was not prepared for the ride Gillian Flynn took us on after that. It was like the whole book was building to that little bit of info and then the ride actually started. If you are looking for a good read that is intriguing and doesn't let up till the very end this is defiantly the book for you. The only cautionary word I must throw out there is that there is a lot of offensive language in this book so if you are not ok with that type of dialog I might suggest reading something else, but this story is so well written that it was very easy to look past all that.
This book really kept your interest with many twist and turns. However the ending was awful. Not what I expected at all.
I bought this after seeing it on the NPR book list.  It was ok.  True to the times, and I guess I'm a little scared of what we've become.
Great book! Kept me up for 4 nights in a row!!  I highly recommend this book!  Worth the stress of reading it and keeping me awake.
Though many reviewers gave the book a low rating due to the ending I have to rate it higher because of the writing. The author puts you on a roller coaster from the first chapter and never lets up.....(she does disappoint many with her ending, I too was a little dismayed).How can a young married couple come to this much treachery after five years of being together. A fascinating study in the psychology of human nature.The clever plot and subplots just keep you turning pages.....you never know the real &#34;people&#34; until the last few chapters. I enjoyed the writing style and would give author Gillian Flynn a thumbs up!
I borrowed this book from the library, and I am glad I did: I found the first two chapters tedious and boring. I didn't know, like or care about anyone I had met. I put down the book and discovered I had no lingering questions, no interesting in the characters introduced so far, no desire to see what happened next.I have been told that once I got a little further, I'd want to continue. I'm not compelled to find out.Plus, I've been told it's a "throw it across the room when you're finished" book, and I don't need another one of those in my life.
For me to enjoy a book, I have to like at least one character. There was absolutely no one likeable in this book and the story was farfetched and not that believable.
Frustrating at times but great tale of  twists and turns ,hard to like the characters but feel I got to know them well
It's difficult to review this  book without giving away spoilers, but here goes. Gone Girl is a gripping psychological thriller about the after-shocks of a toxic marriage, but it's much more than that. It's like a hall of mirrors or a series of optical illusions. Just when you think you have the two main characters figured out, Gillian Flynn delivers a punch to the gut.Flynn spends the first part of the book meticulously constructing a complex mosaic, then she tears it down and reconstructs it. And then...well I can't say what happens without revealing spoilers.The story begins on the morning of the 5th anniversary of Nick Dunne's marriage to Amy Elliott Dunne. The scene is deceptively normal. Amy is making crepes as Nick enters the kitchen. The only thing off-kilter is the song she is humming: the theme from MASH (suicide is painless). Nick goes off to work. He manages a bar with his twin sister, Margo. The bar was purchased with the remains of Amy's trust fund. In the middle of the day he receives a call from a neighbor. Someone has apparently broken into their home.Things happen rapidly from there. Amy is missing. Furniture has been overturned, indicating a struggle. As police begin to investigate, the reader learns some disturbing things about Nick.Flynn tells the story in alternating point-of-view chapters, first from Nick's point of view and then from Amy's, through a diary that dates back seven years. Amy is the daughter of two child psychologists who gained fame with a series of children's books centered on Amazing Amy, based on their daughter. The real Amy, though, is nothing like her fictional namesake.Amy meets Nick at a party in New York City, where they both work for magazines. He loses her number, but they meet again seven months later and fall in love. They marry and it seems like a dream marriage, until they both lose their jobs. Amy loans her trust fund money back to her parents after they make a series of bad financial decisions.The couple is forced to move to Nick's hometown of North Carthage, Missouri, where Nick's beloved mother is dying of cancer. They live in a rented McMansion in a half-finished subdivision along the Mississippi River. Amy is unmoored and unhinged. Nick is distant and uncommunicative, traits he despised in his own father.Like many communities, North Carthage is ravaged by the bad economy. Its economic pillar, a tourist destination shopping mall, sits empty and becomes home to drug dealers and vagrants. The bar in which Nick and his sister invest, called The Bar, seems like the only sensible bet in town.As events unfold, Flynn cleverly drops bombshells that cause the reader to shift loyalties among the two main characters. It wasn't until about the halfway point that I figured out where my sympathies truly lied and I can't say why without giving away key plot points.I found the main lesson of the story centers on the natural human tendency to develop a persona to please another person. That is what Nick and Amy did and that was their undoing as a couple. It is especially challenging to be true to one's self in this age of social media, where people can reinvent themselves and create a persona of their liking. This notion is not lost on Nick, who reflects at one point, &#34;It's a very difficult era in which to be a person, just a real, actual person, instead of a collection of personality traits selected from an endless automat of characters.&#34;Gone Girl garnered much hype in the months after its release. I'm skeptical of over-hyped books, but in this case, Gone Girl lives up to the buzz.
Loved it from start to finish, although I was a little unsure about the ending. It's realistic though, so now I cannot wait for the movie! Hopefully Hollywood does not screw it up.
Touched home in a few places. Easy to read, great style. A dark fantasy for the married couples out there. Don't read it while going through hard issues - may give you some bad ideas! ;)
Very entertaining novel. When you believe you are near the end of the plot, new twists come into action that make reading this novel extremely interesting and rewarding.
Missouri vice, not so nice, Think I'll take a roll of the dice, Start to finish the story throws snake eyes, Weak dialogue and see through lies, What to do with a hacked out plot, Disappear that girl, make the ending rot, In like Flynn, no not really...not at all, It is townie sleuthing, written small.Chris Roberts, God to All
I've read ALOT of books by many different  authors . SOMETHING about this  one I loved . The way the author is able to describe the events and people so vividly it feels like you're really there. Other readers agreed you can't really explain this story to someone else without spoiling it for them to read. I will keep he  on my list of authors going forward. What a lovely surprise to find Gillian Flynn. Keep up the excellent work.
I took a break from reading Dance With Dragons, to read Gone Girl and was glad I did.  I found it fast, thoroughly entertaining and unpredictable.  None of the main characters are very likeable, so I was able to distance myself from caring too much about what happened to them in the end.  Alot of readers didn't like the ending, but I thought it was brave and gutsy.  Great airplane read!  Loved it.
This is the second book I've read by this author, and she is incredible!  She must be twisted in the head to even come up with this stuff, but it is a delightful read.  I keep trying to solve the mystery, and every time I think I may have an idea, the author makes another twist and I am baffled again.  The twists carry the reader through the book, and even the end twists and turns as the truth is revealed.  Unlike many books, the end doesn't offer full closure, but instead a really creepy feeling.  I love this author's books!
You need to read this book if you are looking for some major twists and turns. I was addicted in the matter of pages and it was one of those books where I could no put it down.
I couldn't put this book down.  I usually only read "feel good" books, but this one was so exciting and full of suspense that I couldn't put it down!
Loved this book! Could not guess what was going to happen next. Definitely a psychological twist that you never see coming.  It was a nice change of pace from my ususal preference for sci-fi books. Highly reccomend.
Currently this book sits at the top of the bestseller list and for good reason. This is a fast paced psychological thriller that appeals to the masses. We have seen this story play out on television at least once a year. Boy meets girl, boy marries girl, boy gets tired of girl, girl goes missing (on their 5th Anniversary no less). The couple has money troubles, family troubles, relationship troubles, and now she could be pregnant. How convenient. Do not think for one minute that you have this book figured out, because you most likely will not. It is fun to guess, but it is best to roll with the punches.Gillian Flynn keeps the reader entertained and the story moving through short chapters and prose that is mostly dialogue or action. There are not a lot of descriptive elements in this novel and I feel that it is not really needed for this genre. I do not want to give too much away so I will offer this final thought in the style of Amy Elliott Dunne:Husbands, you are seeking the perfect gift for your bookwormy wife for a special occasion, you:A) Pick up a copy of Gone Girl, it is on the bestseller list it must be good.B) Buy her a Jane Austen novel. Women love to read Jane Austen novels.C) Find out her favorite author and purchase a book by that author.D) Get her a gift card so she can choose.And the answer is....D) Although it may be impersonal she will appreciate the thought!If you choose B) she may not like Austen, and C) she may have already read the book you give her. Why not A)?? Well, this is not really a good "I love you" book. The people in the book are completely and utterly messed up. If you get her the gift card she could choose to buy the book herself and then she will not worry that you might be sending her mixed messages.
This book kept me going from start to finish!! Lots of unexpected twists! Didn't love the end, but overall great book!
I could not put this book down.  Wasn't crazy about the ending, but the book kept me on my toes until the end.
I loved the book all the way through until the ending.  The ending was just plain dumb.  I'm giving it 3 stars for the great story and loved the twist of the psycho wife.  Taking 2 stars off for the crappy ending.
This book is very well written.. many of the observations she makes about human nature and character are interesting and insightful. But it is also a book about truly horrible people, and it's kind of hard to love a book when you don't sympathize with a single one of the characters. It leaves you feeling pretty disgusted and hopeless. The movie should be interesting though.
This book makes my short list of favorites. The book starts off with a light and witty tone that leads you to believe you are in for a humorous version of some Life Time drama....Shallow, but very enjoyable. Then suddenly you are in shock and caught so completely off guard that you can't do anything but turn the next page as fast as you can. The tone of the story changes and everything you read before turns into something so completely insane you just don't know what to believe anymore! Things continue to get darker and darker and the revelations more mind blowing. I finished this book and could only sit and shake my head with wide eyes and an unbelieving smirk on my face. Shock. This book is crazy, insane, unbelievable.... AMAZING.
Enjoyed every word of this book, I couldn't put it down, I stayed up late androse early to find out what happened, a perfect book to escape!
This was a fun book to read. I really couldn't wait to get back to it each time I had to put it down.
It took me a while to get through this book.  But once it got going it was very intriguing.  Not quite what I expected, but entertaining.
This was a fun fast and crazy read.  It kept me wanting more.  Nick and Amy were really in my head, so much so that I started dreaming about them.  A must read for anyone who enjoys a great mystery/thriller that really keeps you guessing, shaking your head and wanting more.
I loved the different parts of the story, since every page and part was unpredictable, but I was very disappointed with the ending, which was so boring!
Read this book because Hoda on the Today show the 4th hour loved the book.  I found it predictable and not very interesting.
Not once did I root for a character and I hated the ending. It might just be me and my selfish ways of wanting the ending to go a certain way but I was just not satisfied with the ending. I loved the plot but none of the characters appealed to me. I wanted to at least liked one character in the book. The twist was amazing, but I was left wanting more. The end was annoying because there was just no closure. I wanted more but was left with little. I definitely enjoyed the writing and reading it was enjoyable, but I was not compelled at all during the time I read it. I just read it at my own pace. I wouldn't recommend it to friends.
Wow.  Wow.  Wow.Holy mother of God... or should that be holy mother of all things evil?  It has been a few days since I finished Gone Girl and I am still in a state of... what exactly I have no idea.  Anger?  Shock?  Acceptance?I have no idea how I am going to write this review."My mother had always told her kids: if you're about to do something, and you want to know if it's a bad idea, imagine seeing it printed in the paper for all the world to see."There is so little detail that I can go into in regards to the actual plot, as I refuse to give any of it away.  I'm sure this will not be the first review you will have read about Gone Girl, and probably not the last.  But, I want to stress how important it is that you stay with this book.What do I mean by that?  Well, the first half has been quoted as being a little on the boring side.  I have to admit that I never felt that way... while I reading it.  But when the story completely exploded at just over the 50% mark it is a non-stop roller coaster ride till the very end.  So in retrospect, I can now look back at the first 50% and agree that yes, in comparison it was much slower.  However, the first half is a requirement.  You must get to know these characters.  You would never have been able to get to where you are emotionally at the start of Part Two if there was never a Part One."Love makes you want to be a better man.  But maybe love, real love, also gives you permission to just be the man you are."And what about the ending?  You will feel manipulated once you finished.  You will sit and stare at the final paragraph, you will want to throw the book, and or your reading device at the closest wall.  You will sit and stew over all of what you have read, wondering how things got to that final paragraph.  Then you will find yourself smiling.  Why?  Heck, you won't even know why... because I sure didn't.  I wanted to be angry, I wanted to scream, but in the end all I could do was smile.  To be fair it was probably one of those crazed, psycho killer smiles, but to be honest I would expect no other kind of smile after reading Gone Girl."There's something disturbing about recalling a warm memory and feeling utterly cold."So yeah, this is a strange review to have written but I just refuse to spoil anything.  My only suggestion to you is READ THIS BOOK.  There is a film being made, which at the time of this review says will be out in 2015.  I have to say, I think this will translate perfectly on the big screen.  They are filming the movie in a small river town in Missouri, not too far from where I was born and grew up in Southern Illinois.  Be it this review, other reviews, the film due out a bit later... whatever it is that helps you to decide to read this book, just please choose to read this book.  You will not be disappointed."Friends see most of each other's flaws.  Spouses see every awful last bit."ChristineRainy Day Reads
This is the first book of Gillian Flynn's that I have read so I didn't know what to expect. This was a pretty weird story. Strange plot, had me wondering if this happens more often than we could imagine.
Oh. My. God. This book. This book has officially broaden my definition of what a thriller is and should be...GONE GIRL is about a couple who ends up manipulating each other, but I think it is more accurate to say that it is the writer who ends up manipulating the reader. Throughout the entire novel, Gillian Flynn succeeds in twisting your opinions until you're literally feeling feels and thinking thoughts that she wants you to have:You feel sorry for Nick in the beginning (I mean, laid-off and his wife goes missing) while reading his chapters and you start to love Amy while you read her diary entries. Then, things start to get darker in her entries and you begin to look at Nick's actions and motivations with new suspicion. Then, *bam* she hits you with a twist that you definitely weren't expecting and, now, you feel sorry for Nick for having married a psycho like Amy. Right when you think that you're officially on Nick's side is when she introduces new elements that makes you wonder just who you should be rooting for in the first place.To be honest, I didn't know how this book will read. When I think of thrillers, I think of Dan Brown or James Patterson with lots of actions and mysteries, not GONE GIRL. At least with those books, you know who the good guys are and you know (deep-down) that things are going to work out in favor for the protagonist.In GONE GIRL, there's no death-defying, heart-pounding action scenes. In fact, most of the scenes that would have been used to normally entice thriller readers (killing your captive, the actual act of running away, etc.) are told/implied instead of being shown to the readers.I loved the ending too! Unlike traditional thrillers (where you know the adventure/story ended unless there's a cliffhanger for the next book), her ending definitely led the door open to possibilities because this is a &#65279;married couple&#65279;'s life that we're talking about.Despite the fact that it was nothing like the thrillers I am used to reading, it kept me flipping the pages because of her impeccable pacing and also extremely psychotic characters. I will definitely be reading her other books!Originally published at [...]
Ok, technically, I shouldn't write a review, as I didn't get through the full book. There are 8000+ reviews here---mostly favorable--- but I just couldn't get into this one. I made it about half-way through, and though the underlying story is intriguing, these characters didn't give me much to hold onto.The writing style in the book is interesting, as the author goes back and forth between past and present. I assume that in the end, the two story lines meet. The characters aren't particularly likable, but the author's approach does provide a window into how one relationship began and then seemingly disintegrated. The contrast between male and female perspectives on relationships was also illuminated (I didn't count, but I wonder what the gender breakdown is between those who five-starred the book versus those who did not).With the number of positive reviews this book has, I wouldn't discourage you from reading it. I am obviously in the minority opinion here. I just wish the book would have had more 'pull' than I found to be true.
This book was recommended to me by a friend whose opinion I value, and she did not disappoint me.This is an excellently and cleverly told story of a girl gone missing. As the time progresses since her mysterious disappearance we read parallel to the husband's story the diary of said gone girl.As the diary entries progress we get a better idea of what has happened.Brilliant: Characters, pace, plot - everything.
this was a really good book but,it was too drawn out. It could have still the same great story and detail with fewer words
Nick and Amy Dunne live the good life in New York City, both with careers they love and lots of money to spend. But when the recession hits and they lose their jobs, they're at a loss as to what to do. Nick decides they should move back to his hometown in order to take care of his mother, dying of cancer, and his father who suffers from Alzheimer's disease. Nick quickly fits into this completely diverse lifestyle but Amy has a hard time adapting. On their fifth wedding anniversary, Amy mysteriously disappears. At first the police treat it as a missing person but when evidence of a massive blood spill in the kitchen turns up, they begin to suspect murder and their eyes turn toward Nick, who has been acting suspicious since the beginning.This book is told in two sections, each one with alternating points of view of Nick and Amy. Gillian does a good job slowly revealing facts and providing nicely delivered twists while peeling away the layers of the personas of Nick and Amy, These two are not likeable characters although this does not take away from the read but rather enhances it. The ending may bother some readers although others may see it as the ultimate twist to the story.
I am surprised that I finished this book! The start was so boring and odd. The middle was gripping and the end was unsolved.
Very little wear visible, however, it seems to have been exposed to water or packed in a distorted manner, as the bottom of all pages at the outer corner is deformed.  Still a decent readable paperback.
I had previously read Gillian Flynn's first book "Sharp Objects" and enjoyed it. I saw a pre-release review of Gone Girl in The New York Times and it sounded intriguing. The book starts slowly telling the story of a marriage from the point of view of Amy (writing in a diary started seven years ago) and Nick (writing from the point of view of today coming home and finding Amy missing under mysterious circumstances). The difference is interesting because it shows a love affair, marriage, and the current situation where each person involved sees something different.I really don't want to say more as I am afraid that I will inadvertently include spoilers. Let's just say that the book builds to an exciting climax. I can see the point of those who would prefer a different ending, but upon reflection I don't see how it could have ended any better.I am about to go read Ms. Flynns "Dark Places", a book that I somehow had overlooked.Do yourself a favor and read this book.
The book was a great surprise.  The first third was very slow and at times I thought I would abandon.....but then the excitement began.  Great story, although, at the end, it dragged on a bit.  I would recommend this book.
Its been a while since I have been truly enthusiastic about a book.  People are going to love this book and people are going to hate it but at least its fresh and has some things to say while being an interesting read.  It is twisty and sick and fun. If you have been in or know somebody in a toxic relationship it may resonate with you more than you care to admit.  The way it ends is going to displease some readers but it does have an ending and personally I really liked it.  I read it in one long delicious sitting.  I have read flynn's other books.  Didn't care for Dark Places, liked Sharp Objects, but this is by far her best.
I wanted justice.  I wanted Nick to take his baby and run. The writing is superb. So nontraditional that it leaves you hungry for the next one.
This is one of the best books I've read in quite some time. It kept me up late into the night, and on the edge of my seat.
I had really been looking forward to reading this book. Although it is full of twists and turns, it failed to keep me wanting more. There were times that the story seemed to drag and I found myself just wanting to get through it some could start another book. I was disappointed in how it all came together in the end.
I have to admit, I couldn't put the book down ... Simply because I just wanted to really get it over with and figure out where it was going to go.  I think parts of it were really slow.  There were a lot of questions that I felt we're never addressed.  All in all, I was disappointed with the outcome.
It was to slow moveing. It just took to long to say what it was going to do. It didn't hold my interest at all. The only reason I kept reading it was I had to read something.  CINDY
Started slow, got addicting and surprise but weird ending.......but it probably couldn't end any other way.  Format was different but characters were well built.  Twists and turns ... liked it
I really liked this book until I got to the end.  It was fast paced and clever.  But the ending was very disappointing to say the least.  The author had something great and then wasted it when the end of the story came.  The ending was bad and totally unbelievable.  I was really disappointed.
Very interesting book told from 2 points of view.  Lots of twists and turns.  I would recommended it to anyone who loves a mystery.
I really enjoyed this book.  Gillian Flynn does a great job in developing the plot line and characters.Thrillers are my favorite type of book.
Wow, that's all I can say.  I love the story that peeled away like layers of an onion.  Gripping, real page-turner stuff with lots of twists, some you never saw coming.  But the ending?  Oh Ms Flynn what happened to the ending, there was no justice and it sort of fizzled out.  Very unsatisfactory ending, but super read all the same.
I have fallen in love with Gillian Flynn.  Her writing is intelligent and witty.  Her stories are original and keep you thinking and guessing.  Modern mytery with great characters and one-of-a-kind story lines.  This book left me wanting more, not going to lie.  So clever.
There are plenty of reviews about Gone Girl, which I found generally very intriguing but with a flat, unbelievable and disappointing ending that left me thinking "What?".  So I'll just comment on the production of the audio version.  I found that the actress reading the role of Amy was exceptional.  Her voice was perfect for the character and very nuanced as Amy's character continued to be revealed.  Loved the job she did.  The actor who portrayed Nick was not bad or distracting but I just didn't really see him as Nick.  Maybe it was just the way his character was slowly developed over the first part of the book but I just never warmed to him at all.  Overall, a nice production.  The primary complaint I have is that each disc did not come to a logical endpoint, e.g., some discs ended mid-sentence!  The next disc started with the rest of the dialogue.  I found that very awkward.  I really prefer that audiobook discs stop at the end of a thought or even chapter, when possible.  Similarly, the next disc should repeat the last sentence of the prior disc to ensure a feeling of continuity.  This one did not.  However, if you like audio books, there is no substantive reason not to get the CD version of Gone Girl.  It moves quickly and has excellent sound quality.
This was another choice for our Book Club - we all enjoyed it despite the nasty and stupid characters - some want to see the movie when it comes out.  We wondered how someone could dream up the plot - pretty awful thoughts.
What a great page turner.  You have to keep reading, never wanting to put the book down. Always wanting to see what happens next.  Then in the end you can't believe what is happening.
The concept was very interesting and hooked me but the vulgar language and pervasive crude sexual references were unnecessary and disgusting. I'm a 43 year old woman who hasn't exactly lived a sheltered life and I've been married for 17 years. The way sex was described in this book make me nauseous. Is Gillian a wannabe 17 year old virgin boy?? That's how it's written - pathetic.This plot of this book was like a beautifully presented meal but with a long, curly hair on top. Why do authors think they have to be so crude - ugh. I had to know the ending (plus I couldn't get a refund) but hated myself for it. I'm going back to the young adult genre where I don't have to worry about being mentally - verbally and sexually assaulted or reading the "f" word every other minute.
I think this is possibly one of the worst books I have ever read.  I succumbed to the &#34;hype&#34; and finally downloaded it to my Kindle.  I am 1/4 through this terrible prose and stopped as I realized I don't like the book, don't like the characters, and really find no reason to finish it.I have many 5 star books in my reading collections and this, by far, is not one of them!
This book continues to be well reviewed but I thought that it was not living up to its hype.  The story has a good premise, explained in the other reviews, but it quickly falls apart and (without spoiling it) about half way into the mystery really loses steam from the woman's side of the story.  The man's side is hangs together pretty well until the end, then the &#34;twist&#34; just becomes a mechanism to try to thrill the reader rather than bring the book to a satisfying conclusion.  I would skip it, there are better books out there.
This book keeps you drawn in by continuously keeping you guessing at what is going to happen next. Very well written.
Amy Elliot is a captivating blonde with a razor sharp wit, and a brain like a chess player.  Whatever the situation, Amy has thought it through ten steps ahead of anyone else.  She is a writer, her Amazing Amy series of teen books has made her wealthy, but the popularity of those books are on the wane, and Amy now writes quizzes for magazines.  She meets Nick Dunne at a party in New York City, and the two hit it off immediately.  Nick is her equal,  he is also a writer, they share a similar wit, charm and level of intelligence, and the two eventually get married.  They are deliriously happy for the first two years of their marriage, but then both lose their jobs in the economic downturn, and they move to Missouri to take care of Nick's ailing mother.  Nick wants to open a bar, called the Bar, with his sister Margo, and asks Amy to borrow the money to get the bar going.  All of these things put a strain on their marriage, and suddenly, after the bar has opened, Nick seems cold and distant to Amy.  The coldness eventually turns to verbal and physical abuse.  Finally, on their fifth wedding anniversary, Amy disappears.  Who is responsible?  Is it Nick?  Is it Desi, Amy's ex, who may have raped her? Was it Hillary Handy, Amy's girlfriend who seems to be obsessed, with her?  Was it Margo, who's never liked Amy?  Was it Nick's father?  A raving Alzheimer's patient, who despises women?This book is intriguing, in that it gives you both sides of the story of Nick and Amy, from both of their perspectives, and that's rare in a murder mystery.  But along comes the plot twist, and the reveal of what happens to Amy, from there the book goes completely off the rails.  First of all, the story of what happened to Amy is fairly ludicrous, and Ms. Flynn strains credulity repeatedly with this plot twist.  She doesn't do any favors to any of her characters.  Nick is portrayed as a self-absorbed prima donna, and Amy's character is absolutely trashed after the disappearance.  What the author does to Amy is almost criminal, she has taken an appealing, warm, quick witted and charming person, and turned her into someone unrecognizable, and certainly not likable.  So where to go when the book has no true protagonist, trash the media of course.Actually, the author does a pretty good job of describing the media hoopla over such a case, and even puts in an over the top Nancy Grace type character screaming for Nick's head in a noose every day.  But the high powered lawyer that Nick hires to free himself from the charges is pretty much standard issue stuff, nice suit, phony smile, no depth.  And the ending is disappointing as well, the book seems to be building up to a climax, and then just limps to the ending.  What is most disappointing is that it seems like women authors seem to have trouble writing strong, intelligent, women characters.  My favorite female character in any novel continues to be Jane Eyre, and that was written by Charlotte Bronte in 1847.  I've read a lot of books by female authors since then, and not one of the female characters in any of those books measures up to Jane Eyre.  That's a sad commentary on how women are written in contemporary literature.For more book and movie reviews, visit my blog reviewswithatude@wodrdpress.com
I was very disappointed in this book.  I found it to be predictable and did not care for any of the characters.
Interesting the way the story is laid out.  She tells her story, he tells his, and it goes  like that throughout the entire book.  It was actually one of those books I could not put down.  Until the end .... hated the ending!  But I won't spoil it for anyone.
I find myself very conflicted about this book and if I like it or not.  The two main characters weren't ones I felt I could attach or care about to any extent as both Nick and Amy were inherently unlikeable as people.  I am willing to concede that author may have been going for realism as her characters are all wonderfully flawed and the general appeal of Nick and Amy to those around them seems more built on their attractiveness and &#34;cool&#34; factor which raises interesting questions; in our media obsessed culture do we rely more on how people look and seem then in who they really are?  How are our personalities shaped by what's &#34;popular&#34; in popular culture?Ultimately though the characters ended up being so flawed that they just annoyed me!The novel itself kept an excellent pace and the twists did keep me hooked as I just wanted to know where the author was taking me.  The trial by media grossness?  The discovery of a body?  And that journey in and of itself was interesting, especially the light shone on the media circus and how if a story is picked up by national media that trial can be superfluous with witness and hanger on's talking to the media before the police, dolling out information when its the most sensational.  So I was there on the journey and enjoying the twists and then there was the ending!  Very disappointing and anti-climatic.Honestly it didn't seem worth the time I had taken to read the novel!
Once I started this book, I could not put it down! The craziness of this story absolutely drew me in. Give it a shot!
Wow this book is a head trip. You change how you feel more times than I can count. I certainly didn't think it would end the way it did.
This was a page-turner from the get-go. I tend to lose interest easily if a book doesn't really wow me from the start. This one is definitely satisfying all the way through and was hard to put down.
Excellent in every way - particularly the creativity in how the book is structured and the duel narrative.  Worth all of the praise!
A disappointment as this book came highly recommended. There were some interesting parts but on the whole I could have skipped it!
An excellent storyline which really pulls you in and brings you along throughout the book.Well written, enjoyable and worth the read.
I enjoyed this story very much. I loved the way Flynn told the story using the diary format to portray the&#34;missing&#34; character, allowing her to have a voice in the story as well. The twist and turns keep you reading non stop. I literally read this book in one sitting!
I had to force myself to finish this book.  Is this a modern version of &#34;No Exit&#34;?  Is the author telling the reader that the world is peopled with sociopathic, narcissists who manipulate and betray others for their own pleasure?  Hey, guess what?  I knew that already.  There was not one fully drawn well integrated character in this work (perhaps GO was the only sympathic human being that could be identified). Never again for this author.  Wish I could get a refund.
This book disturbed me. It was interesting. It was a page turner, but in the end I thought, &#34;Are you kidding me?&#34; It made me wonder about the author's mental health. Seriously.
I had read the reviews on this book put it on my list of must read.  Another woman in my book club picked it for her selection.  This book did not disappoint.  I may read this again.  Really great character development.
I love thrillers and this is a good one. But it also deals with the marriage / relationship issues, which made me feel somehow depressed.
What an exciting book, I was sad when I finished the book.  I hope there is a second book coming out soon.
I am about half way through this book and it has surprised me a couple of times which I enjoy. The language is a bit rough, but overall I have to say that I am enjoying it,
A very dark and complicated but mesmerizing tale with lots of twists and turns. Unlike anything else I've read. I would recommend it.
Gillian Flynn has created characters who are so well developed the reader becomes part of the story.  You are equally disturbed and engaged.  Definitely one that you have trouble putting down for long!
The book is well written and compelling.  That being said, I wish I hadn't read it. I will forever worry about the future of the main character and anyone who comes in contact with him.
I was not taken with this novel and do not know why it has received so much attention. The people are really messed up and the ending is not only improbably, but a terrible one for all but especially for the child.
The premise sounded interesting so I picked it up. I love a good mystery, whodunit, and the more twists and turns the better. I am not a fan of the he said, she said, back and forth narrative, but it somehow works in this book. The book started out strong, and just when my interest started to wane a bit, a good twist would come along.. ah, gasp, oh my ....but the last 1/4 or so of the book was a letdown.. I know it's fiction, but it was way out there.. It really fizzled for me towards the end. It had so much potential ,but came up short. I honestly don't think I liked any character in this book.. well maybe one or two of the detectives working the case. I didn't like Nick, or Amy or "Go. The Amazing Amy storyline was too much...
At first I wasn't going to bother with Gone Girl due to so many complaints regarding the ending. But I gave it a go through anyway. There are no spoilers here, but I'll just say that Gillian Flynn wrote the ending while staying true to the characters she developed. Had she of changed anything, you'd sit there telling yourself..."Such and such wouldn't have done that"..so bravo Gillian Flynn. Great job!
I read it a while ago and do not remember details.  It was original and fresh.  The idea was relatively unique.
After all the hype and glowing reviews, I decided to read Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl. I don't usually read books like this - and now I remember why.  While it's certainly a suspenseful page-turner that was, at least some of the time, enjoyable to read, I can't help feeling a little embarrassed for having picked it up in the first place.  This book has absolutely no literary merit or real substance at all.  With this genre, crime stories/suspenseful thrillers, most people probably realize what they're getting into.  It's like a cheap thrill - you want to know what will happen next, but by the end, you don't really care and the story will quickly fade from memory.  I realize there's a huge market for books like this, and I can see why some people would like it.  For me, it just doesn't work that well.In many ways, this book reminds me of one of those godawful TV movies of the week that used to be so popular back in the early 1990s - think Lifetime.  Its plot is just way too over the top.  There's not a shred of believability in this entire novel, and I don't see how anyone could relate to the two main characters, Nick and Amy.  They're not believable as real people, and they're just not likeable in the least.  I'm also kind of surprised this book was written by a woman for it's monstrous, hugely unflattering portrayal of almost every woman in the book, especially Amy.  The book is strewn with cliche after cliche, such as how New Yorkers behave in comparison to middle-Americans (they're all snobs who look down on the rest of the country).And the ending of the book is simply preposterous.  Just when I thought the story couldn't get any more ridiculously unrealistic, it does just that.  I have no idea what the author was thinking, but this is literally one of the worst book endings I've ever read.I hear rumblings that a movie based on this novel might be in the works. If that happens, I truly hope they improve upon the story for the big screen, which is something that rarely happens.
This book was another book club selection for me. I enjoyed that it was written from two points of view. There are several twists and unexpected sub-plots. Everyone in my book club liked the book. I never saw the final play of the game coming.
Slow start, lots of twists later on.  Love/hate relationship with the characters.  Recommended by a friend, I'm glad I read it.
Ok, so this is basically a story about a relationship. You see it from each person's viewpoint, or at least you think you do and then there's some twists that you might think you see coming but they unfold in a way that is still surprising and just when you think you can see what is happening next, it changes. Part mystery, part fatal attraction, part psychological thriller. I really enjoyed it. I only wish I had the book so I could loan it out. I read it on the Kindle app on my phone.
Gone Girl was literally a novel that I could not put down.  Flynn's storytelling is spectacular.  Nick Dunne is the the hometown golden boy who has returned home to care for his ailing parents and is the number one suspect in his wife's disappearance.  Amy Dunne is his uprooted wife who was dragged from her beloved New York City to Missouri and has gone missing. Each chapter alternates from the point of view of the husband to the point of view of the wife (going back in time to when they first met and eventually getting to the present).  This thriller is unlike any I have ever read and I loved everything about it up to the ending.  As amazing as the book was, I detested the ending.
It took me about 30% in to really appreciate this book. So my advice  is keeping reading it all comes together and then you'll be floored. It will leave you with your mouth hanging open for sure. Twisted suspense is my fave and Gone Girl delivered that and then some.
Gone Girl is the third novel by American author, Gillian Flynn. "She was the girl that every girl wanted to be: beautiful, brilliant, inspiring and very wealthy. He was the guy that all men admired: handsome, funny, bright and charming. But on July fifth, their seemingly perfect world came crashing in when Amy Elliott Dunne disappeared on their fifth wedding anniversary." Flynn alternates narrations from husband Nick Dunne starting the day of the disappearance with diary entries by Amy Elliott Dunne starting when she first met Nick, and later, narrations by Amy, to gradually lead the reader through a tense, clever plot with some breathtaking twists and turns. Along the way, she touches on the power of TV and social media, the influence of good (and bad) parenting and whether anyone can really know their spouse. With plenty of black humour, Gone Girl is witty, scary, funny and brilliant.
This was an enjoyable book and had some nice plot twists.  It was a relatively fast read and I found I wanted to spend more time reading than is my normal habit (reading from bedtime to sleep).
I bought this book because all of the rave reviews expecting a jaw dropping end to the book.  Although the book has exciting twists and turns it starts out quite slowly and it has an ending that is so incredibly boring, a huge letdown.  It is like the book disappears into nothingness at the end.  Expect the book to be a nail biter in the middle of the book but if you expect a grand ending then you will be sorely disappointed.
This was such a loathsome book, I don't even want to discuss it.  Simply cannot understand why everyone thought it so great.  All the members of my book discussion group, with one lone exception, also hated it.
This was a fast read because I was always anxious to see what happened next - every turn was unexpected. Well layered and constructed to lead your emotions towards the different characters through a roller coaster.  Already recommended it to several people!
Several plot twists kept my attention and I couldn't put this novel down.  Character development drives the story and the characters evolve believably, but unpredictably.  The ending was also unpredicted but very depressing.
So, a lot of reviews here making the same complaint and I agree.  Ending really wrecks it, and it's too bad.  The characters were well developed and there were times when I was saying some pretty nasty things out loud in response to the plot....BUT, let's just say that it was a good story that made me feel used and a little stupid in the end.  I really wish she hadn't done that.  It could have been so much better.
I could not put the book down for the first 2/3rds.  It was riveting.  The last 1/3rd of the book was a little over the top and by the end, disappointing.  Not sure why the author took the path that she did but it could have ended so much different (& better).  Not sure I will recommend this book to anyone else.  Have to think on it.
I finished this book Tuesday. I've been sitting on this review for five days because I don't know how to write it. Yeah - me...at a loss for words. I assure you, my readers, this is not something that happens often.I cannot say with enough emphasis that every person I know (or don't) should read this book. I'm even nagging my husband to read it because I MUST discuss this novel with someone - soon!  Why are there no literary reading groups in Clarksville, TN??? (Mom, Dad - are you reading this blog???  READ THIS BOOK - we have to talk about it!!!)  It is, hands down, the BEST book I have read in quite a long time. The writing, the plot, the twisted internal conflict, the lengthy disturbing monologues, the sociopathic diatribe of the characters - all FANTASTIC. Fantastic feels cheap as I write this; words fail me.I want to harp on the writing here - well written. Just. Well. Written. A colleague and I discussed Friday how neither of us had any use for a book, regardless of plot, if it wasn't well written. This book is impeccable. The language, the vocabulary, the sentence structure all in unison for full effect of the plot, which is also, well, fantastic.Amazing Amy has it all, except a man. She's spent her life being the focus of her parents very lucrative children's book series based on her.  She IS Amazing Amy. And you will love her, and then you will love to hate her, and then you will love her because she's just so damn smart you can't not love her - the tennis match is endless, or maybe racquet ball, far more intense than tennis. Yes, racquet ball - angry, sweaty, slamming the ball off the wall to the glass and then BAM! hit your partner in the back of the head angry racquet ball.And as Amy lives her sad little "poor me" life, Nick Dunne enters. "Just one olive" Nick Dunne. Dashing, perfect, smiling, Mama's boy (his mother still peels his oranges and cuts the crusts off his bread even though he's well into his thirties) Nick Dunne. Nick loves Amy. Amy loves Nick. Life is grand.Wait, no one wants to read that book, because frankly, life isn't grand. It is blessed, it is doting, it is caring, it is cruel, but it is not always grand. Enter destruction - Mama's dying. With this life changing event looming in the air, prodigal son (sort of) Nick must return from New York to Missouri (a risk made much easier by the fact that the online industry has killed off the magazine writer and both he and Amy are currently unemployed- side note...super glad I received this book in hardback rather than on my Kindle or I would have felt like a hypocrite reading it). Mama's dies  - you saw it coming. No one uproots their lives for an ailing parent that's going to make it. But, Nick wants to remain in small town USA, slipping back into his old life, his old self, and most notably upsetting his new wife.Make no mistake about it folks, Amy is pissed.Read. This. Book.From the book cover:On a warm summer morning in North Carthage, Missouri, it is Nick and Amy's fifth wedding anniversary. Presents are being wrapped and reservations are being made with Nick Dunne's clever and beautiful wife disappears from their rented McMansion on the Mississippi River. Husband-of-the-Year Nick Dunne isn't doing himself any favors with cringe-worthy daydreams and the slope and shape of his wife's head, but hearing Amy through flashbacks in her diary reveal the perky perfectionist could have put anyone dangerously on edge. Under mounting pressure from the police and the media - as well as Amy's fiercely doting parents - the town golden boy parades an endless series of lies, deceits, and inappropriate behavior. Nick is oddly evasive, and he's definitely bitter - but is her really a killer? As the cops close in, every couple in town is soon wondering how well they know the one that they love. With his twin sister Margo at his side, Nick stands by his innocence. Trouble is, if Nick didn't do it, where is that beautiful wife? And what was left in that silvery gift box hidden in the back of her bedroom closet?
Am intrigued with Gillian's writing ability.  She has a young and interesting style.  The book is well written and I will buy other books by this author.  I am glad I purchased it to try as finding new and exciting authors is always a coup.
Crazy story! Loved the twists and never knowing what was going to happen. Truly recommend it. You will not be able to put it down.
I was very drawn to these characters at first but then I started to look for the &#34;good guys&#34; and couldn't find any.Ms. Flynn is a very good writer and I would certainly like to read more from her.
THis book had been on the Top 10 novel list for a long time..  The price was right and I decided to buy.  I never could get in to the book and just didn't enjoy it.
The first 75 pages or so grabbed my attention and held it. Past that point, it was pretty obvious what had happened to the wife; I was mostly reading along to fill in details and get to the finish. Finish it did...but with a whimper, not a bang.The story is well-written and entertaining, but the author left 'way too much to do in the last third of the book. I think she was so busy resolving all the loose ends that logic--and a satisfying ending--kinda flew out the window. I found myself editing and rewriting even as I was reading, never a great sign. I think a good editor might have kept her on track and helped her to develop a better conclusion.That said, I'm glad I read it, I enjoyed all but the last 30 pages or so, and I want to read Ms. Flynn's next book. She's a potentially great author; I'm hoping her fourth book is the charm.
I started this and had a hard time getting into it.  A year and a half later, on vacation, I finally got into it and finished it.  I enjoyed, good beach read, but found it hard to get engaged in the beginning.
An exciting murder mystery with a twist that will keep you turning the pages long after you should have gone to sleep! I couldn't put this book down.
This book keeps you on  your toes when it comes to knowing who is the good person in the relationship.  Many twists and turns.  Even though I was warned by another reviewer that there was a lot of fowl language, I thought it was a bit excessive. My reason for only 4 stars.  Otherwise, it is a good read
This is the kind of book that you can not put down. So many nights I found myself wanting to keep reading all night. I cannot wait to read the other books Gillian Flynn has written.
Very well written had me wanting to go on to the next chapter.  The ending left me hanging and disappointed.
Gone Girl is excellent. A complete page turner that is constantly changing. You are not sure who you should be cheering for, and you maybe surprised who you like in the end.
I can hardly believe this is a popular book. To me the whole thing was sick, really sick. Amy is a sociopath and instead of being caught in the end her husband gives in to her. It left me with an awful feeling. Don't waste your money on this one.
Yes, there ARE some flaws in the writing style and in the development of the story, but I loved this book for whatever reason. Frankly, I just wanted to find out what happened. The ending was bizarre, yet I thought somewhat fitting. I can't wait for the movie to come out, and I'm glad I read it before hand as I couldn't have pictured the people they chose for the characters, but it works. I like Ben Affleck for Nick. We'll see how that ends up because according to articles I recently read, they will be changing the ending. I will be interested to see what they do.***Stop reading here / Spoiler Alerts***I never liked Amy, even from her annoying diary entries. They were totally phony from the get go let's be honest. She was lame and so uptight. I couldn't believe that Nick was interested in her, other than her looks. But that's part of his character isn't it? I mean, we really get the feeling that he's superficial and kind of a jerk and totally self absorbed. At the same time, I kind of like him? He's personable and yes he's a liar, but you see why he lies about the things that he does. It doesn't make it right but I still found myself on his side.I must be an idiot, a well educated one at that, but I didn't see some of the plot twists coming and apparently other people did. For instance, I absolutely didn't think that she would go to Desi (worst name ever, but I love that they picked Neil Patrick Harris to play him, perfect). I also didn't think she would go back to Nick. I like that at the end, you're constantly questioning when she's going to finally kill Nick. That's absolutely how I pictured the ending. I was mad that Nick never pursued capturing Amy in her lies when she got pregnant. And I do agree with other reviews on here that there's quite a flaw in the writing here where we don't see when Amy got the time to get pregnant, but whatever I can overlook it because I still wanted to know the ending. I felt so badly for Go at the end of this and I felt like her, desperate for Nick to leave her.The ending....well it was an abrupt end to a pretty fast paced read. What the hell? Who would stay with that conniving nut job? And what is the kid going to be like? I pictured the kid from the Omen. However, isn't that the whole point of the book? That Nick is so vapid at times that he can't think clearly? That these two are sick co-dependent addicts? They're addicted to drama and themselves and the people they are when they're together. They're terrible people. It's a creepy ending. A little melodramatic at times and some issues with the plot points, but I didn't expect a Pulitzer prize winning novel here.
Did not finish this book, not what I expected.  Was extremely confusing and did not hold my attention at all.
I had been eyeing this book for quite a while before I finally caved and read it. It had a great pace to it and the writing style, while not amazing, kept the story flowing. There were just a couple things I wish I had been warned about:1. Don't read at night: I can't tell you how late I stayed up saying to myself: "One more chapter. Just one more." and end up still reading after fifteen chapters. Be prepared. Most of the chapters end with a surprise or cliffhanger, so you will have a hard time putting the book down.2. The Characters: God, what an emotional roller coaster ride the other put me through with the characters. I hated him, felt so sorry for her. I felt sorry for him, hated her. Felt sorry for them both. Hated them both with a passion. It was a lot of flip-flopping of opinions and it did wear me out a little.3. The ending: I actually found the ending a stroke of creativity. Some people say she takes the easy way out, but I think it made it a tad more realistic. There isn't a big twist at the end. There isn't complete resolution. Life goes on to the outward world, but inside to them, it is clearly unstable. With that ending, I remained frightened for them both long after I flipped the last page. Genius.It's a great book, and one I'd definitely recommend a strong spirited person who doesn't mind coarse language, intense plot, and insanity.
Couldn't put this book down.  Loved the story.  Wish it had a different ending, but other than no complaints at all.  Gillian Flynn is a brilliant writer. After reading this, I read 'Dark Places' and 'Sharp Objects'.  Though they will make you feel like leaving the light on at night, you will truly be hooked!  The characters feel real, endearingly flawed and completely UNpredictable.  I am very much looking forward to Ms. Flynn's future work.
I read this book in one sitting. It was incredible. The characters are complex, the writing is smart, and the plot is endlessly engaging. I've read some reviews that state the second half of the book isn't as good as the first, and that the end is unsatisfying. I couldn't agree less with those assertions. Buy this!
I got to the point with this book that I couldn't put it down at the end. And then came the ending. I had to go back and read it over again because I really couldn't believe that was it. There were so many ways she could have gone with the end and this was the worst of them. Just came off to me as lazy on the part of the author. So sorry I ever bought the book. Don't think I'm at all inspired to read any of her other books. Can't believe that with this ending, the book was even published.
Gone Girl was highly recommended, I started it a few times and put it down, I finally got the audio and pushed through.  The book has many twist and turns you love and hate each character at different times in the book.  You're not wanting to put it down because you must find out how it ends. So it really keeps your interest and your very involved and then it ends - The ending was like the author got tired of it and decided OK this is it and just stopped. So here is my ending...and this is actually how I thought it would end.  One of the two authors him or her, writes this story while unemployed and it ends with the reader finding out it was JUST A STORY they wrote and included themselves. I think it would be a stellar ending!  At least it would have an ending.My niece read this on the plane and said she would have loved to throw it out the window!!!  I agree the ending needed to be launched into the atmosphere to never be thought of again.  The ending was so awful I will never read another book by this author.
This book was fantastic. Another of my favorites from 2012. I couldn't put the book down! Such an amazing plot line and conclusion.
Definitely a good read! It's not what I expected red but it was worth the $7 dollars paid on kindle. The ending was.... not what I expected.....it was twisted but not horrible. The author was very good at keeping interest. A little too detailed at times, but still a recommended read. Enjoy!
Couldn't put it down, but such an awful tale, told in such realistically depressing detail.  Can only hope for the authors sake there are not autobiographical elements.  I offer the three stars for the compelling story, but hold two back because I wish I hadn't read it.
Not read her before, but will again, an interesting twist to a regular who dunnit. Liked her writing style, not too complex to overly detailed.
Gillian Flynn did a great job with creating and filling-out the characters in this story.  It tended to get confusing with the switchback and forth from characters to time frames so needed to pay close attention while reading.  I liked it!
I didnt like this one much not because of the way it was written but the story was more of a murderious type book the romance to me
I woke up early, stayed up late, and snuck off to corners during the day to read a few more pages. Yes, it's good, and a perfect thriller to mow through on a summer's day, and think about for days after.Amy and Nick, a couple young rising New Yorkers, relocate to the Midwest, pulled by family duty and pushed along from the city when they both lose their jobs. Amy goes missing, and mounting evidence suggests Nick was involved. Without giving away too  away, you've got two very unreliable narrators here, and, to me, a couple pretty unlikable characters. Nick's nature and possible secrets come in pieces, and Amy's diary stands in for her side of the story. Add in a trust fund, an affair, and an admirer/stalker from the past, and you've got an ideal modern mystery.Here's what else you get: a slow reveal, a couple switcheroos, and a serves-you-right ending, all told with quick, smart, culturally aware writing that is absolute fun to read.  This book brought to mind the film *Fatal Attraction* from back in the late '80s. Besides being hugely entertaining, that movie served as a cautionary tale for cheating husbands across the country. While before they might have been afraid of being found out; after that movie they were just plain afraid. This book has a similar sense of menace. It might serve as a warning to naughty husbands and wives with roving eyes, especially if it gets made into a movie (fingers crossed).
My online book club was reading this psychological thriller for their monthly selection so I thought okay, sounds good, I&#8217;ll give it a try.The book moves from New York City to a small town in Missouri.  I liked the way the book would switch from Nick&#8217;s perspective to Amy&#8217;s. I didn&#8217;t like Nick from the beginning, but by the end of the book I felt sorry for him. At first it seemed to be copying the Laci and Scott Peterson crime. Boy, Was I really off base! It&#8217;s really hard to describe the book without giving anything away. I would have liked to have seen the character of Go developed more and I liked Boney. I&#8217;d like to see her in another book. The plot was wonderful.However I think it would have been just as good if the foul language had been omitted. Despite what some authors may think, all people do not talk like that, nor do I feel that it would have hurt the character semblance. But that&#8217;s just my personal opinion.How can I describe Flynn&#8217;s writing? Think Hitchcock or Patricia Highsmith.This book was nominated for 2013 Barry Award for Best Novel.I don&#8217;t know if I would read the book again. I have anxiety disorder and this book made me very, very anxious.
I found this on Amazon while on vacation; actually was looking for something else good to read and looked for recommendations based upon other books I had read. I think this one came up as a book others who had bought Stephen King's 11/23/63 (which I also loved). Wow what a treat this book was. I can't add anything more than what others have written. The plot is unique and I really had trouble putting it down. Fortunately I'm on vacation!
Twists & turns, superb writing, unbelievable story ... lurching & tumbling across emotions & characters, feinting & striking ... simply brilliant narrative.
This melodramatic thriller has more twists and turns than a roller coaster, the fun ones, not the ones that make you sick.  Flynn allows the two main characters to be extremely flawed, but draws you so much into them that you find yourself alternately rooting for each in many occasions.  It's twisted, fun, dark and intimately horrifying.  We've all met people or couples that have the potential for this result, hopefully rarely to fruition. Some reviews I've read from other readers state that the ending was horrible.  I agree, but did you expect anything else?  The ending fits perfectly.
Didn't put it down. Continued to read it because it was intriguing and a real page turner.Read this book non-stop...you'll be glad you did.
I couldn't get into it.  I tried.  I know many people loved it.  Some loved most of it, not the ending.  I ended up giving my copy away, when I couldn't get past 100 pages.
The book was extremely interesting and well written. The end was unrealistic and hard for me to swallow. I started to write different endings in my head. I did enjoy it and feel the author was very accurate in the personality of a sociopath.
Had trouble getting into the story but then it grabbed me.  Loved how it changed in the middle.  Did not like the ending.....left me wanting closure.
I waited for weeks to read this novel and found it very disappointing.  Felt the story was difficult to follow and often the writing through me off in following this story.
k i have like no desire to read this book fro all the BAD ratings so someone JUST SAY WHAT happens at the end does he stop writing and why does everyone wanna take a shower when they finish reading it
There are so many surprises in this tale of a marriage on the rocks, so many dysfunctional characters and relationships, that I was constantly asking myself "What next?".  Even though I needed sleep, I kept starting the next chapter. Good writing, ingenious plotting, astonishingly believable personalities, and (despite what many reviewers felt) an ending that was, in my opinion, exactly what it needed to be.
GoneReally a Mind bender,could not stop reading.After I was finished reading could not help but wonder how many people actually live that way.All show .Not to the extent of . This couple of course . Would read another book by Gillian Flynn . Did she or -----
This book kept my interest and had me thinking about the characters and plot even when I wasn't reading & that has not happened in a long time.  It had a lot of twist and turns that kept me second-guessing the direction of the story.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book and plan on reading more by Gillian Flynn.
There was way too much internal chatter within each character and no action.  And the ending was just not right.
I LOVED LOVED LOVED this book! Oh, did I mention how much I LOVED this book? I don't want to scare anyone, but I saw a lot of myself in some of these characters. Then they just kept getting more and more depraved. Still at the end, even with all of the insane evilness of them, I still see a lot of truth in what was being said. About marriage. About how we take one another for granted. About how you can choose to try in a relationship, or you can choose to walk away. I especially loved how, the more messed up one got, the more the other one couldn't let go. The more they fell back in love with one another....It was amazing to see it happening, and honestly, it was very believable. Amy was kinda off the charts evil and at times hard to believe, but how she chose to believe what she wanted to believe in Nick and him choosing to believe what he wanted to believe in her...well it was very believable. A true co dependence if I have ever seen one! This is like "War of The Roses" and "Fatal Attraction" rolled up into one and on speed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can't wait to read more from Gillian Flynn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hot dang, what a story!!!!!!!!
Just a psychopath , born or developed, it's difficult to know...I found the ending very unsatisfactory but the writing style, captivating
This book definitely was a page turner!  I could not put it down because there are so many surprising twists and turns.  I was very unhappy with the way the book ends, though.  I wish it ended differently, but it was yet another surprising twist.
I wasn't overy thrilled about this book. I have read other books by Gillian and have enjoyed them,  just couldn't get into this one.
Just when you think you have this book figured out it takes another turn.Keeps you speculating to the last page.
This book is full if surprises.  It doesn't end how you think it will.  I liked it very very much.
Gone Girl was everything I was expecting and more. My library had many more requests than copies and it was wonderful to be able to own, read and share this book.
Love the writing style. He great twists and turns.  Ending however did not satisfy.  Can't wait for the movie in October!
I have never, ever read a book about such self-absorbed, uninteresting people in my life!  I can't say if the author is good--if she wants you to intensely dislike every one of the major characters, then she has succeeded.  I haven't been this disgusted/outraged/disappointed with a book since my one and only venture into the Nicholas Sparks dementia.  I love a good thriller, and I enjoy psychological twists and interesting characters.  I can say, with complete honesty, that this books contains none of this.  I know it's getting rave reviews but this is one reader who sincerly wishes she had her time and money back......
Would recommend for anyone seeking a thrill. Dare you to put it down.How could anyone think this story up?
This book hooked me within the first chapter-I loved the way the characters connected and how the story read as a he/she.  Its refreshing to read something that is truely believable and so well developed.  After the crazy twists and turns you find yourself sad that the story is over!Since reading this book-I have purchased her other books available.  Nice to find a &#34;new&#34; author to enjoy!
This book kept the reader in suspense throughout.  She is a scheming psycho bitch.  He is fighting for his sanity and future.  It is so sad.  He will live the rest of his life looking over his shoulder.  I feel for him...yet he is only a character in a book.
I simply don't understand why some authors feel compelled to use so much profanity in their novels. An otherwise good plot is ruined by the constant cursing. I don't know any people who talk like that. The author and I must run in totally different circles. They always say that they want it to be authentic and realistic. Well, it is only disgusting.The plot was great with all kinds of unexpected turns. I kept turning the pages even though I hated the language.
Highly overrated. Much of it was expected.  Have no idea why everyone else loved it so much, so I was quite disappointed.
Gone girl is like a complex chardonnay, each sip lingering on your tongue, wanting more.  Then you get to the last sip, and you find a worm in the bottom of your glass.  You just want to gag.  All those aromatic flavors that tickled your brain are overwhelmed by a grub!The characters are three dimensional, the plot is tight, the style is unique, and the story is balanced with just the right amount of angst and humor and then...  Obviously, Gillian Flynn dosen't share my philosophy of ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS WELL!
Loved the book and the writing but the ending disappointed me. Otherwise it was a good read. enjoyed the book.
This was a satisfying read. I enjoyed the he said/she said point of view. The characters were well defined and the story took some interesting twists and turns. I can't remember the last time I enjoyed a book as much as this one!
In a very satisfying way!  A real page turner!  The ending is disappointing but only in the sense that human nature is disappointing.
This story is one of the most interesting mysteries I have read - if it can be called a mystery.  You really do ask yourself &#34;what is going to happen now?&#34;  I can imagine someone doing these things, but have never known anyone I thought could do them.  It is great fun, but don't get attached to anything you think is the truth.
The beginning of this book is so promising and compelling. I wish the author had been able to sustain that for the entire length of the novel. It's one of those books that you start of so excited about and at a certain point, you start to suspect the plot twist, and then there is the letdown in the execution. A for effort. Maybe next time the author can work the story out better all the way to the end.
Here is a story of what happens when you are with a spoiled rich girl, when she doesn't get what she wants watch out!!!!!!  Amy was truly indeed more than three steps of everyone.A great read.  The ending, however left me wondering....... Should've been a bit more there.
I've never read a book that describes how a person can twist things so much and make it believable.  I will read more books by this author.
&#34;Gone Girl&#34; was not written well.  Words did not flow evenly.  The author had a wonderful idea but couldn't quite make the characters believable.  Reader can determine early in the book what the outcome will be.  Okay read for a day at the beach.
So I get that the first half of the book is setting you up for a twist but I was bored and thinking, I've read this plot before. Second half is stellar though. So if you can meander through the front, it is worth the effort. Biding is interesting/thought provokng
This novel is very well wrItten and entertaining.  It grabbed me from the start and I couldn't put it down.  But without spoiling....I'll just say the conclusion to the mystery was a thumbs down for me.  The more I think about it....it actually makes me mad!  But maybe that is good writing at work.  It did move me!  But that ending, for me anyway,  ruined the book.
The first half of the book was REALLY good.  It was a book I knew I wanted to keep reading, but it was not one that I felt I could not get away from.  However, the second part of the book had so much action/suspense that I could not wait to keep reading.  I felt that the ending was more of a fizzle than a bang.  That being said, it did not feel inappropriate.  I still highly recommend this book to anyone who wants a good, suspenseful, read!
I loved it. It was thrilling and had many twist to the story. After every chapter y o u just want to keep reading to find out what's gonna happen next. What you think is going to happen doesn't once you keep reading.
I really hate to be redundant at this point but....I hated the ending!!! I get it that there are some marriages that are dysfunctional and work in a sick way but really?? To have all those twists and turns and to end with him just giving up in a sense is ridiculous. I was definitely hooked for the first two sections but could have almost done without section 3. There seemed to be no resolution and it makes me want to demand a new ending or a sequel that allows for some closure.
I really liked this book.  It has such a surprise ending.  I read it at a time when I needed to read something different and this was certainly it.
From the start this book had me entangled in its twisting, jagged plot. My mind tried to race ahead of the characters to find the next thought from both the protagonist and antagonist (although it's very hard to tell who is what) and right when I felt like I knew the next step, I came up short.
Clever, clever story - great writing.  I immediately ordered more Gillian Flynn books after reading it.  Don't miss this one.
This is an enjoyable fast read with some fun plot twists despite relativelyunlikable and unbelievable characters. In the credits, the author thanks oneperson without whom she says she would be forever stuck at 88% completed withthe book. It would appear from the ending, that she really was stuck at 88% andfinally threw in the towel by just sticking on some shallow, inconsistent andunbelievable but short finish just to be done with it. This could easily havebeen a 4+ star book if only she'd taken the time to work through her writer'sblock and create a meaningful ending.
This is the worst book I have ever purchased.  The language and content are offensive.  I hate throwing books in the trash, but I would never give this to another person to read.
I'm going back and forth on my opinion of this book and I might be under too much influence of her other two novels to really give an unbiased opinion. I really enjoyed the other books but GONE GIRL was strange for me. None of the characters were likable and I wasn't sure who to root for. That's okay but it left me feeling really down. What I did like about it was that you couldn't trust the narrator and I found that to be a good plot device. Usually the narrator is at least trustworthy when it comes to their own inner thoughts but in this case you couldn't be sure what was true and what wasn't, especially when Amy's diary came into play. I'll probably give her future novels a read, too. I really enjoy her writing style and the nuances she gives her characters, even if I don't particularly like them.
I really liked this book. It kept me intrigued the whole way through. It was really hard to put down. It had a great twist that I wasn't expecting. However, I absolutely hated the ending. Can't wait to see the movie when it comes out!
This book is written from two different perspectives (wife, husband). I absolutely loved it!  I simply COULD NOT put it down.  I think I read the entire book in less than a week.  I highly recommend this book!!!
This is the worst book ending I have read in a long time.  The ending entirely ruined the book, it would have been even better if she just ended it about 80% of the way through.
What I Liked: 1) I loved the way this was written. Written like diary entries that recap the day or part of the day that Nick has experienced. I think it was the best way for the reader to get into the book and to piece together the details of what has been happening. 2) Amy. The missing wife. It's hard for me to explain her without giving a huge part of the book away, but I thought her character was great. (For those of you who've read it, I didn't think she was a great in a "I want to be like her" kind of way. Great in a "she made the story really interesting" kind of way.) 3) The mystery and suspense. My family is really into crime shows, so we watch a lot of those. I always enjoy the ones where we (the viewers) know more about what is going on than the characters in the show. So I liked that aspect of the story. Since we got several different perspectives in the book, not just Nick's, the readers get information that Nick doesn't get, or that the police don't have. Instead of the reader having to wait for the police to solve whatever crime this is, we can make our own conclusions. It makes me feel smart when I can solve it (before the fictional characters). Wow, I have some high standards, don't I? Being smarter than fictional people. 4) The crazy, insane ending. This ending makes the whole book worth it. Again, I won't say much to avoid giving anything away, but I was fascinated.What I Didn't Like: Nothing!Overall Thoughts: If you like mystery, step outside your YA comfort zone to give this one a read. It definitely deserves the awards it has won. Gillian Flynn has a gift for throwing curves at you that you never expect and for pulling together a fascinating story with a killer ending. I'm keeping her on my list of authors to watch!
Oh my gosh! I really enjoyed the fist half of this book. Then towards the end I waited and waited and waited and NOTHING! I can not believe a book would end like that. Such creative writing at the beginning and then NOTHING, and I'm easy to please. I enjoy all of my free kindle ebooks! I wish I would have purchased the actual book so I could burn it!
I can't fathom why this book could get such rave reviews. The plot and characters were so dysfunctional that I was literally angry when I finished it. Whenever I see that it is still on the best seller list, I cringe.
An interesting take written from alternating perspectives. The story is very interesting and really picks up halfway through.. a fun read
This book keeps you guessing and the &#34;Oh My Gosh!&#34; definitely came out more often than I thought it would!!! Definitely recommend to anyone looking for a book that makes you think.
Haven't read a book this intriguing in a long time. Gillian had some great  intuition on how a man's mind works.
I enjoyed the book very much.  It was very intense in the beginning and took a turn half way through.  It was like reading 2 books in 1.  I only gave it 4 stars because I was disappointed in the ending.  All in all it was a great read.  I recommend it.
This book had so many twists and turns that I was literally dizzy. I really enjoyed the book I wish the bad guy had got what they deserved but it was still a really good read.
Very entertaining read, with lots of turns and twists. Well written and it keeps your interest. The characters are fairly well fleshed out but the book has enough mystery that saying more would give away too much.
I listened to this thriller in the car and kept finding excuses to waste gasoline and drive somewhere to get to the next incredible section.  I kept trying to figure out how this was all going to end.  That didn't work and when it did end I was not satisfied.  But the twists and turns of this harrowing story attest to the author's brilliance.  She is very, very good and I want to read more by her.  Is there more?
Very interesting story once I got used to the differing points of view which were a little confusing initially. Nick had his opportunity but didn't take advantage of it. Amy's character was chilling, a master manipulator. The ending left a bit to be desired. Certainly well written, a psychological thriller.
Never, ever could I have predicted the twists and turns in this book.  What a fabulous read.  It's no wonder it's stayed at the top of the NY Times Best Seller list for so long.  You'll think and dream about this one long after you're finished.
Gone Girl has a really interesting premise and it's well-written. However, the two main characters are incredibly unlikable and the ending is weak. Gillian Flynn likes dark, wierd characters (I've read another of her books, too), but too such an extreme that I find myself not caring what happens to them. I like quirky characters, but some of her characters have no redeeming qualities.
One of those books you can't put down but really can't find anything good about it!  I found it too long; I did not like any of the characters in the book; and I totally hated the ending.  SORRY Gillian Flynn but I will not read anymore of your books.  I read this one because it was our selected book for Book Club and I have a perfect record of reading all of the selections but this was in the &#34;forget&#34; category.
The early parts of the novel are over-written and self-conscious. The writer has a bad habit of writing paragraphs to make points that only merit a sentence or two. The shifting points of view initially feel contrived but end up working quite well. Overall, it is a clever story and good read with interesting, albeit annoying, characters.
This did a great job of making you feel for both characters and then throwing in quite a twist. If I'd been on a vacation while reading this, I could've finished it in a day.
I had relatively low expectations based upon the reviews, but found it spellbinding.  I can see how some would not like the structure, but I found it attractive.
Rarely is our book group unanimous in our opinion of a book, but all ten of us disliked Gone Girl.  We could not understand how it was on the Best Seller list for one week, let alone 68 weeks!  If you are curious about Gone Girl, save time and money by waiting for the movie version.  Better yet, read a Harlan Coben novel if you are looking for the "can't put the book down once started" experience with plot twists and at least one likable character.  For me, the lesson of Gone Girl is to pay no attention to Best Seller lists.
really enjoyed the ride on this one.  adding this author to my FAVs list.  love a mystery with twists and turns.
This novel kept me guessing almost until the end.  Very surprising book with lots of twists and turns - still find myself thinking about what happened.  Nick and Amy are some messed up people!
I rarely purchase books, I have plenty from publishers that I need to read for reviews, however I have seen so many positive reviews about this book, even one that said, "If you only read one book from 2012 read this one.", so I bought it.  What a waste of my money.This is the story of Amy Elliot Dunne and Nick Dunne.  Amy is the only child of author parents who used her as the model for the Amazing Amy books in which the character is a better example for handling the real Amy's childhood problems.  The characterization between Amy and her author parents is probably the only one in the book that is well written and believable.  Nick is supposed to have his own dysfunctional family, in the form of a misogynistic father and over-indulgent mother.  The author shows this by having the father show up from the rest home at various times asking about Amy using obscenity.  She might have written about the relationship between the father and the mother with cancer.  However, it was so incidental that it did not make an impression on me, all I remember is the irritating, constant,- I only know how to show this relationship by showing the same thing happening over and over.Nick and Amy are both unemployed when Nick's mother develops cancer so they leave New York and move to Missouri.  Nick borrows the last of Amy's trust fund money, the rest she had given to her insolvent  parents.  Nick and his twin, Go, buy a bar with Amy's money.  On their fifth wedding anniversary Amy disappears.  There you have the opening of the story.  Telling you any more will spoil it for anyone who does want to read it.This sounds like an interesting story, so why didn't I like it? I believe books that are "if you only read one" usually will have extraordinary prose that makes you stop and say, "I love how the author put that".  None of the writing in this book is something that you would remember as remarkable, but I could forgive that if it didn't have so many other things I found difficult to get over.It is a slow start.  If a book is interesting then I find I cannot wait to get back to it.  I was well into the book and could have easily put it away without caring what happened to these characters, but I have learned to keep reading that often a book gets better.  Well it did get slightly better, but still not much.  I never really cared about any of the characters.  There were irritating, never developed characters.  I have already mentioned the father, the over-indulgent mother with cancer is just an after script, it was insignificant when she died.  These under developed characters do not make the character of Nick believable.  I think the author spent most of her time developing Amy.  She is more believable.This book is written in chapters of one perspective from Amy then a chapter from the perspective from Nick.  Without giving away part of the mystery let me just say that it is difficult to follow where and when the characters are in the story and  what it means to the story.  The author tries to explain this later in relation to Amy, but she does some of the same kinds of things with Nick and that is never explained.  I think she meant them as flashbacks, but I am not sure.The author does quite a bit of time explaining how the meida influenced this case.  I am not so sure that she didn't wirte it just to make this point.  Nick's lawyer, a cliche, helps him with his unemotional media appearance.  There is also the woman who goes after Nick because he seemed to have killed his wife and then there are  pictures of him talking to women who were helping hunt for Amy.  This is all so cliched that it is difficult to even read.The ending, there are many people who hated the ending.  I am not one of them.  I don't love the ending, but I do think it is probably a realistic ending.  Truthfully, I didn't care enough about either of the main characters that I cared about the ending.So there you have it, would I recommend it, no.  It is certainly not one of those, if you only read one book read this one.  I often work with people who do not enjoy reading.  This is certainly not a book that I would give to those kinds of readers.  In my opinion this book would  encourage those feelings of reading as something that they do not enjoy.
Gillian Flynn's latest novel is one of the wittiest and most perceptive novels I have read in a long time--it is also one of the creepiest and most unbelievable. In fact, I cannot remember ever having read a book that made me laugh out loud and made my skin crawl--that made me marvel at its insights into marriage and made me roll my eyes in disbelief at its absurd plot twists. To better explain my reactions I must reveal some character and plot details that may spoil your reading of Gone Girl.The novel begins on the fifth wedding anniversary of Nick and Amy Dunne, a seemingly perfect couple in a less-than-perfect marriage. Nick narrates the story, juxtaposed with diary entries written by Amy, providing he said/she said points of view. Soon we learn that Amy has gone missing, and that Nick may have had something to do with her disappearance, or does he? Was she murdered, or did she simply run away from an abusive relationship? This cat and mouse game is sustained well for the first two-thirds of the novel, but I found it tiresome as the story continues. Part of the reason I believe lies with the unlikeable main characters. Hapless and handsome Nick we learn is a spineless cheater who can do nothing right. Beautiful, but troubled Amy we learn is a brilliant sociopath who is capable of just about anything! Yet despite the problems I had with plot and character, the novel is undeniably witty. For instance, when Nick and Amy admire a friend's baby who wears nothing but a bib and booties, Nick whispers to Amy, "That's what I'll be wearing later." I also enjoyed Flynn's skill at depicting a rocky relationship. She shows convincingly how easily the love in a marriage can turn to hate.So, do I recommend Gone Girl? If you can appreciate sardonic wit, if you can suspend your disbelief at some crazy plot turns, and if you can stomach seeing a marriage disintegrate into an existential nightmare from which there is no exit, the answer is yes.
I had put off reading this book because the description of it didn't appeal to me, but since it had been on the best-seller list for so long, I wanted to see why.  Well I still don't see why.  The book is four hundred pages long.  I struggled through the first two hundred pages and was pleased when it finally turned around, but after awhile it got boring again.  I figured there would be one last twist at the end, but was very disappointed.  I would have written the ending entirely differently, but then I'm not a best-selling author.  There are much better books that never make it anywhere near the best-seller list.
This book was so good I didn't want to put it down!  It's the kind of book that keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time.
A highly unpredictable mystery. Great entertainment though at times harrowing! Good wriiting that keeps the pages turning.The main characters are a couple living the good life in New York. They seemingly have "The Perfect Marriage" until the economy catches up to them. A move to the South creates a perfect setting for the twist and turns to come. I dare you to figure out how this novel resolves!
What a great, surprising thriller of a book. So many twists and unexpected turns. The writing was clever and different from anything I've ever read.
This book is a roller coaster ride for sure. You know how the ride up is slow that is the beginning of this book. Then you reach the peak which is part two with its amazing twist and turns finishing in, what feels so quickly, part three. The first part of the book goes a bit slow, concentrating on Nick and Amy. I believe the way it was done was to introduce us to Amy and Nick, lulling us into thinking they are a juvenile and fairly selfish, boring couple. Then with the introduction of more characters the story explodes. Suddenly we discover that who we thought Amy and Nick were isn't necessarily true. There is a reason why I have always told my children don't make snap judgments of people. People are complicated and multi-layered. In part one we uncover the first layer of our couple but in parts two and three we really discover who they are. At first I wasn't all into it. I didn't like Amy or Nick, (guess what? I still don't), and almost gave up reading it. In retrospect I think the author did an excellent job with the unveiling of our couple. The book is a psychological playground. Forget trust. There is no one to put trust in, at least no one I found worthy of it. While there are holes in the story and things you just shake your head at, for the most part I found myself just gliding over them. I was more fascinated by the mind twist that was going on. I believe, as humans, we are all to some extent damaged people. I found it pretty easy to relate to all the damaged ones in the book. I really enjoy analyzing what makes me people tick. I find it fascinating that two children from the same family, raised together, can be so similar yet so different. In this book we see that with Nick and Glo. While Amy and Nick were raised differently there becomes apparent some similarities between them too. Days after finishing this book I am still thinking about that and what were the defining factors that brought those out. I found the story fascinating. The ending was a little bit of a let down for me though it does work, (as well as leaving space for a follow up). I thought about removing a star for the ending but decided since it does work, and stays on the twisty tracks, it didn't warrant losing a whole star. For me, it held my interest and had my emotions twisting in the wind. A total whizbang roller coaster ride!
Well written and entertaining, keep you awake. I'll probably buy more books from this author. I recommended this book to a friend, and she loved it.
Amy and Nick Dunne are getting ready to celebrate their fifth anniversary when Amy vanishes from their home.  Nick quickly becomes the number one suspect in her disappearance.The novel is cleverly written from both Nick's and Amy's view points and none of them can be trusted as they both have an agenda. Who are really Nick and "Amazing Amy"? What made them fall for each other?I loved how how the craziness of Amy's and Nick's relationship and characters was unveiled little by little. The characters are also part of a bigger picture in which storytelling and appearances are all important. The story unfolds in a disenchanted world, in which the two heroes have lost their jobs and "chosed" to return to Nick's hometown. And this does not look like back to lovely countryside: ""When Amy talked about moving back here, back along the Ole Mississippi River, with you, I pictured... Green, farmland, apple trees, and those great old red barns. I have to tell you, it's really quite ugly here." He laughed. "I can't think of a single thing of beauty in this whole town. Except for my daughter.""The cynic in me absolutely loved the plot, but I also found Amy, Nick and the disenchanted America described in the book quite disturbing. Therefore, I would advice sensitive readers to proceed with care. Lovers of smart, witty writing: this one should really please you!
Excellent. You never really know where it's going. And the author is very good at capturing different perspectives. I was totally perplexed all the time. A GREAT read!
I love psychological thrillers, but this did not deliver the goods for me. The two main characters were simply not compelling. One was self-centered and unpleasant in a pedestrian way. The other was a malignant narcissist--now we're getting somewhere!--but carried out a plan that required a delay of gratification that seems impossible in such a personality. I found the plot implausible, and the book dragged in the middle with unnecessary detail; I continued reading only to find out the ending. I was not outraged by it as some readers were, because the characters were not real enough for me to have any expectations of them.If you want to read a truly masterful story of a twisted relationship, find Ruth Rendell's The Bridesmaid (or, for that matter, any of Ruth Rendell/Barbara Vine's standalone novels). Rendell presents the most monstrous of characters in such a way that we recognize them perfectly, even if we don't like them.I liked Gillian Flynn's first two novels, though they too were flawed--I'll be hoping for better things from her.
Gillian Flynn's thriller is brilliantly written and very biting. It took me longer to get through than most other books, but it never feels uninteresting.The first part left me constantly guessing about Nick's motives. Amy's diary entries established a level of character development that really cemented her as a character, through a series of back-stories that often linked back to Nick in meaningful ways, due to the order they were presented.The second part gave me mixed emotions. At first I felt deflated by the revelation (no spoilers), but not too much -- because part 2 is a very poignant psychological mind-bender that I was compelled to work my way through, and really took me down a road I was not expecting.It all culminated in a very tense third act full of psychopathy and incredibly deranged dialogue. I couldn't really believe what I was reading in that final part. It's definitely not an ending one would come to expect, and I think part of me finds that refreshing. Unsettling, but refreshing.Beyond the plot? I found the narrative to be full of life, truly breathing a myriad of emotions into both Nick and Amy. One was easier to understand than the other, but then the book throws you a major curveball. Secondary characters worked for the most part, although some had shorter stories than others. I was impressed with how the book handled some of the other characters, and I understood their emotions.Either way, I was pretty impressed. While parts of the plot weren't exactly what I wanted and some felt too convenient, you can't fault Flynn's structure -- it was beautifully laid out and her literary prose was top notch. It's a book I would recommend. 9/10.
I could barely put my kindle down!  I highly recommend this book and the convience of the kindle version is a plus.
This was a very interesting read. At the beginning of the story, I didn't really much care for Nick or for Amy. They seemed like people who I definitely wouldn't get along with, but that didn't make me want to put this book down. I was sucked in from the beginning and then, boy there was the TWIST in the storyline and I was like an addict. I had to see what was going to happen next. How was this story going to end? I was up late at night reading just so I could get that much closer to seeing what would happen. I couldn't believe how crazy Amy was! She was a freaking psycho! I definitely couldn't see how anyone could stand her. But I guess, Nick and Amy were basically meant for each other. By the end of the book, I was almost literally exhausted from the crazy ride. I've never read anything quite like this book and I'd definitely want to read more from this author in the future.I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested to know what the heck I'm babbling about and wants to see what all the fuss is over this crazy thriller of a book.
I don't know what to say about this book. It was ok. There were a lot of things that I saw coming, but there were too many that I didn't to say that the book was predictable. I am very interested to see how this book plays out as a movie though. Good for a read on a plane.
"Friends see most of each other's flaws. Spouses see every awful last bit."Nick Dunne comes home to find his wife, Amy Elliott Dunne, is missing.  As the police begin the investigation, it looks more and more like Nick killed his wife - but Nick insists he's innocent.  Who is right and what happened to Amy?When a book was on a New York Times Bestseller's list, I used to assume that meant the book was good.  "Used to" meaning, until I read some of these "bestsellers" and realized that just because they sell well, doesn't mean they are "good books".  So now, I pretty much avoid anything on the Bestseller's shelf (unless it is a Star Wars book or Neil Gaiman).By this thought process, this book should never have gotten into my hands.  But I kept seeing all these good reviews, and I'm addicted to buying books, so I broke down and bought it.  But it might have stayed on my shelf for a few more months/years if it had not been for a friend's review.You see, I've also been in a bit of a reading slump.  Or should I say, I'm gradually coming OUT of a reading slump.  Back in the spring, one more crappy YA faux-topia made me despair of my love of reading and want to throw in the towel on my passion.  Slowly, I've been finding books that make me love to read again - Neil Gaiman, Robert Galbraith/JK Rowling.  And I can add a new one to the list: Gillian Flynn.I've gone back and forth whether I'm a mystery/thriller girl - this book finally proves that I DO like mystery/thrillers, just not the s***** "dime a dozen" murder-by-numbers novels that seem to populate most of the Bestseller lists (coincidence?!  I just finished reading Dan Brown, so definitely NOT!).  Flynn is plain stunning; she has a complex story but tells it in a way that doesn't require 3 chapters of "And This Is How The Bad Guy Did This".  Flynn doesn't write down to me; she treats me like an adult, able to put two and two together (or if I'm too dense and can't, that's my fault, not hers).The story centers on Nick and Amy, two of the worst people you will ever meet in your life.  Nick is a self-centered, arrogant pr!ck; Amy is a self-centered, vindictive b!tch.  Nick likes to think he's so amazing and hot s***; Amy *is* Amazing, as the star of her parents' Amazing Amy children's book series, and pretty much believes the world should revolve around her.  Honestly, these people are so execrable, I wanted to scratch their eyes out (though I liked Amy in the beginning and started to like Nick a bit more in the end).  THIS is a PRIME EXAMPLE of how to write awful, unlikable main characters and STILL make your story interesting enough that the audience is engaged.The other characters are equally well-drawn, from Nick's twin sister, Margo "Go" to Amy's clingy parents to Amy's creepy old friends.  I am reminded of JK Rowling's adult books - the characters are sometimes sleazy, sometimes good, sometimes bad, but all realistic and with their own motivations.What makes this even more fun is that I've almost come to expect bad characterization in mysteries and thrillers.  It's more about the whodunnit, right?  So who cares who the characters are - make them as stereotypical or cliched as you want, and people will still read for the mystery.  So it really makes me giddy excited that Flynn spent so much time on such great characters.But the real artwork is in the story.  Oh, the story!  The first half takes you down one path - poor, abused Amy!  What a wretched husband Nick is!  And then at about the halfway point - mindf@#$!!  I can't really say much without going into spoiler territory (and I won't do that, no worries), but I was stunned.  It threw me for a loop - though maybe, given how dense I can be, you shouldn't take my word for it!  Regardless, I thought it clever, and the ending is definitely not what you would expect, though I was VERY satisfied with it.  (Thank GOD it's not one of those awful "and they lived happily ever after" atrocious things.)To round things out, Flynn's writing was excellent.  Again, works by Dan Brown and Nicholas Sparks made me realize that popular novel's writing only had to be at about a 4th grade reading level and very prosaic at that.  While Flynn isn't super flowery or literary, it's still very nice to read, easy on the eyes.  And when she DOES use descriptors and metaphors, they A) make sense and B) actually give depth to the characters and the situation.You know what?  I was going to rate this 4 stars, but I've decided I'm not.  I really liked this book.  I really enjoyed the mystery, the psychological thriller aspects.  Yes, the characters are awful.  Yes, the story is what you might expect two awful characters to produce.  And yes, there is rape (or lots of rape accusations) and murder and slut-shaming (so warning for people who don't want to read that).  But it kept my interest (with the exception of two places early in the novel) and, more importantly, made me realize that I shouldn't just assume ALL mysteries and thrillers are like the schlock I've read.  There ARE amazing, suspenseful authors out there - you just won't necessarily find them on the NYT Bestseller's List.  (Though in this case, I did!)Gillian Flynn, thank you for a great book, thank you for helping me out of my slump, and thank you for saving your genre!  I can't wait to read more of your works!Brought to you by:*C.S. Light*
My book club and I had been watching this book's very firm hold on the top books for several months.  Seeing that it was continuing to get such high ratings and was maintaining on the best seller list, we gave it a go.Our bookclub met yesterday so it's still very fresh in my mind.  I enjoyed the start of the book and found the author's writing style to be pleasant and inviting.  I was hooked.  And then, without spoiling the book for those who perhaps haven't read it yet, it just got too much.  And I wanted to book to end. Such a shame.  I was intrigued and interested and, frankly, captivated by Amy's brilliance ("crazy like a fox")...but it then just seemed to take too many curves and loops and towards the end I found I stopped caring about the characters.  The ending was so very disappointing too.The thing is, we had such a wonderful discussion about the book.  50% didn't care for it and didn't understand the hype and 50% thought the ending was intriguing.  I think the strength of this novel is the writer's genius ability to write two different books mirrored by two different characters--not a simple feat.It kept us reading and talking...I just wish Amy had a different fate.  In any case, this was not my favorite read recently and I don't understand all the hype...other than people liking the "who dunnit" kind of books that take elements from our every day events (i.e. Scott Peterson, Drew Peterson, and the like).I think this is the case of an overhyped novel.  Truly (other than the author's ability to write two novels in one) nothing special.
I had no idea what this book was about.  All I knew was that I had to wait about 4 months on the waiting list of my library to rent it on my kindle.  I jumped in and it gripped me from the very beginning.  It twists and turns and takes you on a journey unlike anything I've ever read.  Just when I start liking one character, it turns on a head and makes me change my allegiances. But then it twists again, and by the end, you have no idea who you're rooting for anymore.  I loved the whole book...until the end.  Which is the only reason it got 3 stars.  I was really disappointed in the ending, although, in retrospect, it was probably the most fitting ending for the lives of these strange and messed up characters.
A page turner but not very likable characters.  But you want to know what happens.  Wil be interesting book club discussion.
I read this book in one sitting. This book is one of the reasons I prefer biographies. It read like driving passed a car accident, you know you shouldn't look, but can't help it!
Lots of suspense and twists.  I had a hard time putting it down but must say that the ending was a disappointment.
I loved the book, especially the beginning and the end, which the author adroitly made appear ineluctable. However, the middle became a bit tiresome with the back and forth between narrators and I found myself skipping pages to find out how it ended.
Our book club just finished this! What a great read! Kept you guessing until the end.I highly recommend this..
I found this mystery to be the best plotted book I've read in quite some time.  I think the author did a masterful job and was very clever to keep the reader guessing what could possibly happen next.  I could not put the book down, and, though I have read it several weeks ago, I still think of Amy and Nick.  Flynn's descriptions brought all the characters to life, wherever the reading took place.  My mind's eye could seem them.  The character's lines were quite witty at times.  I have recommended this book for our book club reading and am now enjoying some of Flynn's other works.
Quirky, edgy thriller that delivers the crazy. I started this late on Thanksgiving Day and the next thing I knew it was 5:00 in the morning and I was plugging in my tablet so I could finish (doncha love the fabulous Kindle apps for every device? Sure, I have a Kindle PaperWhite that I love yet sometimes I like to read on the tablet). Spect the sequel will star Amy as the sociopathic emerging serial-killer that she is on her way to being. Yes, I thought the last several chapters were hurried, and lacked the depth and polish of the rest of the book--that said, this book is one fantastic wild ride. How does the saying go, "H-ll hath no fury like  woman scorned?" (or in this case, h-ll hath no fury like an angry, disenchanted wife). You will not regret reading this book, even if you don't love it as much as I did. Think page-turner, thriller, creepy, weird and edgy (and surprising, up to the point where the author reveals what is happening, and still fascinating after that point). Happy reading~*
what a crap ending. pushed my way thru this book, just never looked forward to reading it.... not sure why it became so popular.
Really slow in the beginning. Took a while to get into but after that I couldn't put the dang thing down. Excellent read.
Excellent read. The suspense builds very expertly and I found it to be a page page turner. It is very well written and gripping and I have no problem recommending it to others
Wow! Gillian Flynn does it again! I could not wait to start reading on my lunch breaks and after work. She sharpens her ominous writing skills with this excellent page turning addition to her resume!! I hope the movie will do this book justice!! Definite read if you like mystery and suspense.... with a dash of.... romance
Very entertaining. A page turner. I had a hard time putting it down. The plot is fun and mysterious and keeps shocking you with the unbelievable actions of the characters
Interesting story, very vulgar.  I will not read another book by this author.  My friends did not like it either
I stumbled across Gillian Flynn'sDark Places: A Novelthanks to Amazon Vine.  It is a captivating novel about true crime obsession and real life darkness.  It hooked me!  I sought outSharp Objects: A Noveland was thrilled by her once again.  And inGone Girl: A Novel, she does not disappoint.Flynn is a wonderfully vivid writer.  She sets her scenes with such detail and imagery that you can easily imagine every object.  Her characters are well crafted.  She knows them so well and creates them with such complexity that they become real to you. She transports you seamlessly into her prose.Amy and Nick are a typical couple, until something horrible occurs.  Amy is missing, and in all such cases, Nick is the prime suspect.  But is he guilty?  As Nick becomes increasingly more suspect, so does his marriage to Amy.  This is not just a mystery whodunit, but also a mystery of relationships.  What is a marriage really like from the inside?  What are people truly like?  Do you ever really know someone?  And worse, what if you do really know someone else, thoroughly know them ... what do you do with this knowledge?  Flynn moves far beyond clich&eacute;s into the darkest depths of relationships.  All that is ugly and grotesque is paraded for readers from every angle, yet the subject is so utterly mundane: marriage.  But this is her brilliance.  She takes the ancient, ordinary world of marriage and works it from every strange, provocative, depressing, and horrifying angle.  Yet it is done with complexity, humor, and honesty.I obviously love Gillian Flynn's work.  I highly recommend this and all her other works.  And if marriage most foul is a subject you crave, I also highly recommendMr. Peanut (Vintage Contemporaries)by Adam Ross.
Great book! I was enthralled from the start and had to know how it ended!I am a sensitive reader (I couldn't finish Girl With A Dragon Tattoo because it was too intense) so I was nervous that this would be the same way. It is intense, but not scary, and it didn't have the same effect on me.Highly recommended!
I was blown away by this book.  The convoluted plot twists, the incredibly well-developed characters, and the great writing made this a book I almost couldn't put down, and hated to see the end of.
Okay I thought this was definitely going to be five stars....but the ending made me make it only 4. I loved the way the author told the story, rotating points of view every other chapter. The book had surprise after surprise, and made me just want to read, read, read! I plan on reading more of Flynn`s books. A great read but wanted more at the end!
Found parts of it hard to read, a little hard to follow. Not one of my favorite reads of late
I did not like the ending of this book; I did like the book overall. I do not usually read this type of novel.
This book was pages  of boring rhetoric and once the characters started to develop they were quite predictable as was the storyline.  Of course there were a few specific events that a reader may not have predicted, and I did read it to the bitter end.  The upshot is I am sorry I wasted my time slogging through this book when there are so many other good works out there.  I sum this book up by saying &#34;&#34;crazies rule and the more reasonable of us, let them.&#34;\
I had a tough time getting into the story but then it became more interesting.  Very different story line but held my interest.  I can't say I would recommend it even though my daughter liked it and suggested it to me.
It was great... until the end. Or should I say the lack of. Love the twists in the story, but the ending was a major disappointment. It was incredulous, hard to believe. No likable characters. Justice has not been served. Questions not answered. The psychotic got away with murder. The whole ending was a joke. Did not appreciate the lack of effort on the author's part in trying to close up this dramatic story.
I started this book and just couldn't put it down .I thought the plot was very intriguing but was truly disappointed with the ending,  It seemed as if the author just ran out of steam, but maybe the ending reflects the compromises in life,  Good airplane read.
Enjoyed the writing style... enjoyed the 2 voices unraveling the tangled story events.  Found myself always eager to open my book, to discover what turn could possibly happen next now that I know it's gonna get more complicated!  Not sure I liked the ending... but then I guess I should have seen that coming!  A doggone good read!
Gone Girl is the ultimate beach/long flight book. The writing is riveting, compelling, and the characters deeply developed. The reader will in turn shiver, laugh, gape,and shake their head in reaction to these diabolical chararacters. Readers will also enjoy the roller coaster ride guessing and changing their minds as to figuring out the real story, and at times guiltily rooting for the victim-whoever the perceived victim is at any given time in this story! Enjoy the ride!
This is a difficult book to rate.  The first half was ho hum.  The only thing that kept me reading was all the rave reviews.  It wasn't boring but there was nothing very exciting about it.  Then at about half way through the book took off!  There were twists and turns galore.  I had multiple scenarios going through my head trying to solve the mystery but none were correct.  Thankfully the resolution is a true resolution and it also didn't have that 'rabbit out of a hat' feel.  It made sense....in an insane way.  Unfortunately I missed the literary designation some other reviewers perceived in Flynn's writing.first half of book = 3 starssecond half = 4 starsThis review is based on an e-book provided by the publisher.
Gone Girl grabbed me from the very beginning of the book! It was a terrifying novel with all of the twists and turns. It is not often that I can say that I loved a book and absolutely hated and was horrified by the two main characters!I know that several people have not liked the ending but I have no complaints and really enjoyed this thriller!
For me it was a page turner & different, like her other 2 books which also kept my interest. None of her books have a boring moment!  Looking forward to her next book whatever the story =)
This book was long and boring most of the time.  It was just a strange book, but I continued to read it .
I liked this book, but I hate how psychotic and grim the book ended.  This really isn't my type of read (with all the mental games involved).  I'm more of a light-happy read kind of book-reader.
This was really well written, and I'm looking forward to the movie. I hope the ending in the film is tweaked to be a little more &#34;satisfying&#34;, though.
Wow
Based on other reviews I figured I would love this book. I didn't. It was tough to stay interested at times due to the unlikeable characters and I always figured out what would be coming next before the punch line. I finished it, which means it wasn't horrible (because I would have just put it down) but I can't say if asked for book recommendations that I would mention this book.
This story is full of surprises once you get past the first few chapters.  Interesting and complex characters that you pity, hate, and cheer for all at the same time.
I am mainly reader of non-fiction. The fiction I read is usually of the da Vinci code genre or CIA Cold War spy stuff. If a book is on Oprah's list or on the NYT fiction list or has thousands of 5 star reviews on Amazon I probably won't read it. Call me a contrarian. But I took a chance with Gone Girl. See I like Ben Affleck and since he is filming the script version I thought I should read the book prior to the movie coming out.I was in for a treat. I read Gone Girl in one afternoon sitting. I found it spell-binding. The characters were 3 dimensional, fleshed out and psychologically cogent. Marriage is not for wimps, Gillian Flynn seems to say. Just as couture runway fashion over dramatizes each season in order to move the fashion sensibility of the masses just a small amount so too does Gone Girl illuminate the dynamics of marriage in scenes writ larger than life.So even if Scott Peterson is not your husband nor Andrea Yates your wife, this novel none-the-less holds a mirror, wavy, darkened, distorted and magnified, to reflect the the oft hidden dynamics of everyday husbands and wives. And that small kernel of truth regarding what we know and what we don't know about our significant other is what propelled me page by ominous page to the end.
Gone Girl is well-written and clever and perhaps is good for a genre I usually find unappealing.  Suspense thrillers distort real life so badly that readers could be forgiven for erroneously thinking the world abounds with vicious people who lack souls, consciences, or empathy.I didn't really like any of the characters, though I felt that justice would be best served if the antagonist had a &#34;karma is a bitch&#34; moment before the end.  At one point Flynn almost let it happen, but backed down.  I was terribly disappointed.I prefer novels to have at least a few likeable characters, as well as better closure than this novel afforded.  One loose end that disappointed me was that the dad with Alzheimer's was not an instrumental part of the wrap-up.  With all his wandering around, ending up at their house, and talking about how &#34;she&#34; had invited him, &#34;she&#34; liked him, &#34;she&#34; was a bitch, I really thought he might provide an unexpected but critical puzzle piece.  He didn't.I got this from the Greater Phoenix Digital Library, and am really pleased that I could read it for free that way.  It's enjoyable to read something that &#34;everyone&#34; is reading, just to know what all the fuss is about.  I highly doubt that I'll read any more of this author's works, and I plan to avoid the movie, as well.
I was burning up the battery in my Kindle while reading this amazing book. I am a member of the Happy Bookers Book club and I have chosen Gone Girl for my book to read and discuss. It was hard to know whether to 'pull'for Amazing Amy or Naughty Nick and definitely a book you could re-read. Best book I have read in years! My favorite all time book used to be Beach Music but Gone Girl is my new number one best read.
In the Book Description for Gone Girl on Amazon, the book is described as a "masterpiece about a marriage gone terribly, terribly wrong".  In other reviews I've read, kudos have been given to the book for its exploration of what can go wrong in a marriage.  To me, those are gross mis-representations.  What happens in Gone Girl has nothing to do with what can happen to a marriage but everything to do with what happens when two amoral, selfish individuals manage to end up together.  It can't happen just to anyone of us, unless you happen to cross path with someone as depraved as one of the characters in this book.The fact that the book's central plot is not built upon the foundations of a marriage may not necessarily be a bad thing.  But the problem here is that this is one of those books that rely solely on shocking plot twists and turns to propel it forward.  When we first meet Nick Dunne, he is a concerned husband who has come home from work one day to find his wife Amy gone.  We also get to meet Amy through a series of diary entries that depicts her as a vivacious young woman deeply in love with her husband.  As Nick start to put together clues that may point to Amy's whereabouts, however, details begin to emerge, both about Nick and Amy's marriage and Nick and Amy as individuals that threaten to turn any theories the readers may have about what actually happened on its ears.  And when the author starts to throw one surprising revelation after another at us starting at around the midway point...well, some readers may be seduced by these unexpected plot twists.  But for me, these were made completely at the expense of any realistic character development.  And it only got worse from there, as Amy and Nick continue to stray from their original character arcs and the plot development get more ridiculous and unbelievable.In the end, the lack of sympathetic characters means that I couldn't care less about what happens to any of them.  And that makes for dull reading indeed
I really like the way it was written from both sides..you hear the thoughts hopes and dreams as well as fear doubt and insecurities..lot s if twist
I thought I had this book figured out, and several times I was walloped over the head with plot changes. This book is very difficult to put down once you get into the plot and characters. I cannot wait to read other books by this author. I felt immensely satisfied with the ending. Do not read this if you prefer predictable conclusions tied up in cliche bows!
My husband started reading this aloud to me on a road trip.  We both were into it.  However, the last 1/3 of the book seems totally off ... too bizarre, and the end left me SUPER disappointed.The writing style was good, but the plot turned out disappointing, especially the last chapter or two.  My husband hasn't finished it yet, and isn't even at the major plot twist, but I can't imagine he'll like it all too much either.  I can't decide if I should recommend he finish it or move onto a different book.
I'm not even a chapter in and I hate all the characters all ready. AND what's with the angry sun...you have been seen...this is so derivative...maybe the author calls it foreshadowing but I call it 'calling it in.' You know what? I don't care what happens to Amy. Or her husband or his sister.:( dags
Before I begin to rave about the book, I want to say that I listened to the first half of the book. It was hard to stay focused because it is written in diary format. But I am so glad I stuck with it and read parts during lunchtime...... Boy did I really get into it after that!!Holy crap! This book had so many twists and turns that my mind is still spinning. AWESOME work Ms Flynn! WOW!!! When I thought I knew how it was going to end, you took me on a whole new twist!!! It is no wonder this was one of Goodreads best mystery books of 2012! I RECOMMEND THIS ONE TO EVERYONE!!! It is guaranteed to leave you totally awed!& can I just say that Amy is one twisted, dimented psycho bitch! What she did with that wine bottle was just beyond belief!
This was a very twist and turn kind of read and I liked it. Took me quite a few chapters for it to grab me so my advice is to not give up on it because it gets good-really good! The only bummer I had about it was I already knew the ending because I accidentally overheard a conversation about it. I think if I hadn't known the ending I would have had more surprises throughout the book but regardless it was still a fantastic psychological read. Look forward to reading more by this author.
I couldn't put Gone Girl down.  This is a book full of plot twists and turns, with characters who most definitely are not who they seem to be.  Nick's wife, Amy, has vanished.  Thus the usual hubbub that surrounds any disappearance develops.  We get to know Nick better and better as the police investigation continues.  But where is Amy, and why did she vanish?  Those are the pivotal questions and as I mentioned, people are not who they seem to be in this book...not at all.  Gillian Flynn is a writer that is quite adept at descriptive language, sometimes too descriptive.  There's some pretty explicit language and sexual situations, so those warnings should be considered before you jump into a mystery that will keep you turning the pages.  In the end, I felt psychologically violated.  Quite a book to take on a peaceful vacation, that's for sure.
I know now why this book has been on the best sellers list for so long. Very different but very good. I was a bit disappointed with the ending, but I still liked the book.
Suspenseful, did not know how it would end.  Did not like some of the language - not sure it added anything to the plot.  Should make for a good book club discussion.
I am not even finished with this book, and I am startled by how great it is.  And yesterday I was complaining to my husband that this was an unsurprising story - basically the Scott and Lacey Peterson story, really.  But today - I was blindsided and am so completely happy about it.
If I was in a book club, I would push for this to be the next read! I got this book on recommendation from a friend without knowing the plot ahead of time and ended up loving it! The 2 main characters are especially written to provoke strong reactions from the reader, and the plot twists - conniving! I don't want to write anything to give away any clues, so I'll just say it was a great thriller that I had trouble putting down when I should have been sleeping or getting ready for the day. I'm going to pick up another of her books next!
This book is insane. I love Gillian Flynn's other books and this one was no exception. Intense characters, crazy situations, so many unknowns and questions all along the way. Ms. Flynn is a master with words and mystery. I would highly recommend this book to anyone who loves a great mystery novel that feels more like a great piece of lit than just a paperback thriller.
Despite seriously rough language, this book is worth a read. The 'first part' is a good mystery; engrossing; from here it looks like it will be a good, keep you guessing type story. A lot like others out there but well written. Then you get to the 'second part' and your mind gets blown. The story turns from a good mystery into a full blown, Hitchcock-like psychological thriller. And one of the best psychological thrillers I have read in a long, long time. The 'third part' moves the book into the realm of 'dark'. Never boring. Gone Girl deserves every bit of the hoopla surrounding it.
At first I thought this book seemed to be ripped from the headlines, but then the twist came which I loved!  I really thought it deserved a more thrilling ending, though.
The book is mind twisting. By far best book I've read in a while. Where is the movie? Hint! A must read
What a great read! Crazy love! My time reading from this author. Going to read a another one of her books in hopes it can be at least half as good as this one!
This book was a slow start for me.  Once things turned around with Amy being crazy it got better.  The ending was a let down.
I literally could not stop reading &#34;Gone Girl,&#34; and as much as I love to read, that does not happen very often. The description had given me pause, but the number and words in the reviews finally convinced me.  I think I was slack-jawed from the opening pages of the second part, after the first part set me up.  Well-crafted, twisted, stunning...  Thank you, Ms. Flynn!
This was a very enjoyable read of complex issues and unpredictable complications.  The characters are well developed and believable, even though  very complicated.
This book has unbelievable (in a good way) main characters, I was astounded by these people Gillian came up with. The story wouldn't allow me to put this book down. Highly recommended!
A wild ride of a story, that kept you guessing til the end.  Only four stars, cause I was so tired of the Amazing Amy by the end.
I like books that are unpredictable, where it is difficult to figure out where the story is heading. But many authors make the mistake of writing stories that are impossible to predict. If an outcome comes as a surprise for each and every reader, then there is no satisfaction in trying to figure out where the story is heading and reading becomesutterly pointless. I like books that are predictable. Because then as the story unfolds I am able to think &#34;yes, just as I thought, but I bet most people are surprised right about here&#34;.This book has solved this conundrum in an elegant way. The first part of the book hints at several different possible outcomes. The reviews all say that &#34;you won't believe the plot twist that happens next&#34;, which gives me some extra satisfaction in thinking that yeah, that was one of the developments I had on my mental list of possibilities. The story is unpredictable for most people, and still predictable but not certain for some people. I like that in a book.However, the ending chapters seems to be a bit forced, as if the author had difficulties tying up the loose ends in a good way. And on top of that I would personally have preferred a different ending. So I will only give it a weak 4.
I loved it. Couldn't put it down but wow a twisted story. I was shocked most of the story  Read it!!!
I loved this book.  A great mystery which keeps you thrilled and moving to the next chapter to learn something else.  This book is a real page turner and full of surprises.  I recommend it to anyone who loves to read.
I bought this book on a recommendation by a friend. I tried three times to read it. Each time couldn't get past page three. For some off reason it didn't grab me. I was searching for a book to get lost in, since most of my reading is BETA reading, stuff I don't choose, but help to make into something grand. Out of my 400 plus book library on my ever faithful Kindle, there it was staring at me, "Gone Girl". I thought, hell, I'll give this another look.Shocker, I apparently had my head somewhere else the first three tries because this book takes you on a ride that makes a Ferrari feel boring. I can't go into my banter without giving away a spoiler. I hate spoilers, and alerts for spoilers. Why give an alert anyway.This book is crazy. It's full of so much that if you aren't paying attention, you will miss something and have to back track. Don't read when your kids, dog, or husband are talking, eating, needing anything, when you have to potty, or any other slight diversion you think may happen. You not only will be cooking while reading, you will feel physical pain when you get interrupted, it's THAT crazy good. Weird, psychotic, wild, bizarre, and other like words I use to describe it.You have to read this book!!Dani B.GOODREADS BETAAbsolutewrite.com BETA
Loved loved loved how unpredictable the plot was.  Enjoyed the writing style and thought it well done.Talked my husband into reading it as well and he also enjoyed it.For the nay sayers who are complaining about the ending - WHAT ELSE COULD IT POSSIBLY BE??  With the characters' traits I thought it completely fitting albeit unusual for the reader's expectations.  Life isn't always tidy eh?Enjoy!
GONE GIRL is a compulsive page-turner. I picked it up every chance I got until the book was finished, which is rare for me. Ms. Flynn is an expert at language. I'm a sucker for a well-turned phrase and there are many to relish here. I was also intrigued by the twist that occurs at the center of the book and couldn't wait to find out the explanation for it. So far, 5 stars.But there were also elements that made me go, "C'mon, really?" too many times. The ending for one. Impossible for me to swallow. I'm a stickler for detail in a mystery and there were too many loose ends for me to accept. It was easy to find details that the protagonist and/or author should have thought of, details that would have been sure to emerge in real life.Then again, Henry VIII did get that sixth wife to say yes even though she had to know what the chances of that marriage had of success -- and hey, she did survive -- so Ms. Flynn might be onto something here.In summary, it's hard for me to award fewer than 4 stars to a book that kept me so riveted. But it really did remind me of many movies I've seen that, halfway through, I'm totally entranced, and by the end of the show, I'm simply angry at the writers. (My favorite example in that regard is Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby.)I'm still tempted to try one of Ms. Flynn's other books for its artistry, but not until its reviews convince me it's more realistic than Gone Girl.
Love this book. Great story about an unique couple. It tells the story from both perspectives. I stayed up late a few nights to finish it.
Gone Girl is an expertly crafted novel that explores the intricacies of knowing one's partner and examines the lengths one will go to in order to love and also protect oneself from them. On the day of his 5th wedding anniversary, Nick Dunne comes home to find his house in disarray and his wife, Amy, missing. With all evidence pointing to Nick and information about their troubled marriage coming to light, what happened to Amy? Is Nick innocent like he claims or is he responsible for Amy's disappearance? With chapters alternating between Nick's account of present day and Amy's diary of the past few years, it's difficult to figure out what you think happened to Amy.It's incredibly hard to write about this book and all that I love about it without giving you spoilers; in fact, I'm surprised I was able to avoid all of the spoilers myself prior to reading. Of course, there's no way I would ruin such a great book for you, therefore my review can't do this book justice.Part love story, part mystery, part thriller, Gone Girl will surely keep you on your toes. I admit that I didn't really get into the story until about the third time I picked the book up to read. If the first quarter of the book doesn't grab you, have faith and keep reading. I assure you that you will come to the point where you will not be able to put the book down because of all the twists and turns. I often compare great books to tapestries where stories, emotions and characters are expertly woven together. I hate to repeat the comparison, but Gone Girl is the most tightly woven and expertly crafted story I've read in a very long time. Just when you think you have figured everything out, Flynn will weave the story in another direction. Not only is Flynn's storyline intriguing, but the language she uses is vivid, bold, and beautiful. Everything about this book is solid.While I loved the book overall and really appreciated the story, I didn't feel completely satisfied by the ending which is why I'm knocking off half a star in my rating. I won't spoil it, but if you've read the book I'd love to hear what you thought! Please try not to put any spoilers in your comments though. ;) I don't necessarily think this book will change your life or inspire you to change, but it's a great piece of thrilling entertainment.Bottom Line: If you like thrilling reads, entertaining reads, or just plain great stories, I highly recommend this book! And if you're like me and need to read bestsellers before they hit the big screen, read it now! Reese Witherspoon has picked up the rights to produce this as a movie and it's bound to be great! 4.5/5 Stars[...]
Kept me interested but a dissapointing and unsettling ending. It left me wondering how many other books I could have read instead of this one.seriously.'
Does the ending of this book leave you a) wishing you hadn't read it  in the first place; b) asking, "where's the resolution?" c) feeling thoroughly unsatisfied; or d) all of the above. Answer: dThink of a life experience you've had that started great only to bomb out at the end. Like a promising date that was going really well--only to be ruined by a nasty argument at the end of the evening. You go to bed feeling empty, unfulfilled. That's what reading this novel was like for me. Starts great, quickly becomes a can't-put-it-down page turner, then completely fizzles at the end, leaving you unsatisfied with the novel's lack of resolution.That said, I agree with most of the positive comments about the book: "Fiendishly clever," "Totally engrossing," Gripping and addictive." "Well-plotted," etc. Does Gillian Flynn have excellent writing chops? Does she masterfully develop psychologically complex, multidimensional characters? Present penetrating insights into the nature of modern marriage and relationships? Write pitch-perfect dialog? Absolutely. She just needs to learn how to finish. Develop resolution.One thing Flynn might want to learn to use to her advantage in future novels is the "recency effect," which simply states that the last thing you see or experience in a given situation or event is more accessible in your memory, and therefore more likely to be remembered by you then those things that occurred in the beginning or middle of the experience. Given the novel's lack of resolution and totally unsatisfying ending, the last thing I remember about the book is my feeling of utter disappointment.
A surprising &#34;who done it&#34; revelation since the reader cannot claim any &#34;suspect&#34; for a long time.Then the book takes an awkward twist, less interesting and a bit boring in the middle.  I don't want to reveal too muchfor those who didn't read the book but the end also, is less than satisfying.  However for quite a while, it makesinteresting reading.
I devoured this book. I read it during every free moment I could manage to find. The Missouri references are spot on.
Such a page-turner! This is one of the best mysteries I've ever read. Flynn keeps the suspense up throughout and makes the reader wonder just how she could possibly imagine such a deceitful character.
Very interesting characters.  Unique plot line and pacing.  I liked all of the twists.  Can't say I have ever read anything else like this.
I was feeling pretty good about myself because I figured out the major twist that comes in about halfway through the novel. But surprise! I didn't see the end coming *at all.* I should have seem it, though: Flynn plays fair with her readers and gives us everything we need to piece it all together; I just missed the clues on the first read.In short, Gone Girl kept me riveted to the end with its incredible twists and flawed but compelling characters. A near-perfect thriller.
I started this book when I purchased it, shortly after publication. BORING...one dimensional, silly characters who were self- absorbed whiners...every one. Their circumstances were described simplistically, with a banality bordering on the ludicrous. The writing was slow, tedious, speckled with lame quips, and presented people who could do nothing but bitch for unjustifiable reasons. Like, oh damn it all, it's our anniversary. Jeez, there's nothing to do but have a beer this morning, to put off making a dinner reservation. I hate ironing, but I'm doing it for poor hubby, so he'll remember how wonderful I am. Golly, maybe we should have a baby, or maybe not?I stopped reading the book, feeling that no matter what came after the first third of it would be a continuing mind-numbing waste of my time.Seeing this book getting hotter reviews , moving to the top of the best seller lists and staying there was mystifying. So, I tried again. More dull inaction, with a slow peeling away of nasty character flaws that made me even more annoyed that anyone could possibly care about this story.Whammo. If you can get past the first half of the book, you're in for the treat of the year! Brilliant plotting, on-the-edge-of-your-seat psychological suspense, a tensely riveting climax, and a deserved ending will greet you. But, you'll still hate the characters. It's the character(s?) that will come after -- and hopefully, there will not be a sequel -- for whom you will have extraordinary sympathy.
In the end, the book leaves you satisfied: there is a twist, the story is well tied up and the character becomes likeable eventually. However, it is not a page-turner from the very start. I almost gave up the book after having read about a quarter of it, because the story looked flat and there wasn't really anything happening. On the whole, it is a solid thriller (although not very thrilling), better than lots of rubbish which lands in bestseller charts lately - but by far not the best book of the year, not even close.
It is no wonder this one made it as a best seller. Flynn masterfully pieces together the fascinating world of a man and wife and the unique circumstances they create for themselves. The female antag is a one-of-a-kind in many ways, and genuinely relatable in others. You will not be able to guess how this story ends. But even more than that, you won't want it to end.
It took me a few chapters to get into this book, but then I was hooked! I was sure I knew who took/killed Amy as I am sure you will too,  dumb bitch dumb bitch is all I have to say. Lol, thanks for the good read!
It kept you interested.  Many twists and turns and I am familiar with the Hannibal, Mo. area.  I can't believe someone could imagine all the things she came up with and the poetry clues were different.
THE ONLY GOOD THING ABOUT THIS BOOK WAS I BOUGHT IT AT A USED BOOK STORE FOR SIGNIFICANTLY LESS THAN THE SALES PRICES ON AMAZON.BOOK WAS AT LEAST 100  PAGES TOO LONG.  COULD HAVE USED A COUPLE CHAPTERS TO SET UP ALL THE CHARACTERS THAT WOULD PLAY INTO STORY LATER.INSTEAD, AUTHOR KEEPS REPEATING THE SAME SUSPECT(S) CHARACTER DETAIL OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER...YOU GET MY DRIFT.I SKIMMED THROUGH MUCH OF THIS BOOK JUST TO GET TO NEW SCENARIOS IN THE STORY.  I THOUGHT THE ENDING WAS APPROPRIATE CONSIDERING HOW DYSFUNCTIONAL THE MAIN CHARACTERS ARE.
Well-written psychological thriller. Scary to contemplate the extent determined, demented minds will go to manipulate others in order to achieve their goals.  People like that do exist.  It is difficult to imagine any other suitable ending so that worked for me.  Marriage takes a lot of work and perhaps the most difficult challenge is trying to understand what a spouse is thinking and feeling, when he or she fails to communicate.  This novel supports the notion that women are more dominant than men and shows how codependent marriage couples can become without them even realizing it.
I give this a four-1/2 star review.  The three parts in the novel separated things.  Finished the first part; started the second and before I knew it I was ...wowed!  So, the novel changed and so did the characters.  It was like starting a new book with new characters.  The mystery treasure "anniversary' hunt kept me flipping the pages.  The end.........stung me.
I enjoyed the story, a lot of twists and turns....but I believe some parts were a little long and drawn out.  After allowing the reader to become involved with the characters and to get to know them so well - at least you thought you knew them - the unexpected ending was rather abrupt. I was left wanting to know more.  Overall a good read!
Good fun, could have been tighter. Hasn't sent me looking for similar yet, but enjoyed it given I had no TV and internet in Russia at the time I was reading it. Might have taken longer to finish if other attractions were available.
I was not crazy about how this book ended.  But have continued to wonder if the ending is a setup for another book.  I enjoyed this enough that I would read a sequel.  Hoping the author has one in the works.
Literary whodunnit psychothriller. Flynn's Gone Girl is compelling, sharp, very well-written (slightly overwritten), very well executed, clever, caustic, showcases a great ear for dialogue. It's not perfect, but what is? Couldn't put it down. Don't listen to the haters and the criers over the untidy ending. As I insularly ask all haters: Can you even try writing something as captivating? Oh, you can't? Shocking. Highly Recommended.
Some readers might think GONE GIRL is a fictional version of a "48 Hours" episode. It certainly does sound that way at times.One difference is that the novel is somewhat topical. The two main characters, Nick and Amy Dunne run afoul of the Great Recession. At the beginning of the book both are writers living the great life in New York City. But then Nick loses his job working at a magazine and Amy follows suit shortly afterwards. She was working, somewhat beneath herself, as a personality quiz writer for magazines like COSMOPOLITAN.They're not really in trouble yet, unless you count Nick's depression. They're not hurting financially since Amy is an heiress. Her affectionate parents wrote a series of children's books staring a barely disguised version of their daughter entitled, AMAZING AMY, which explains a lot.Then Nick's mother is stricken with cancer, and Nick decides to move back to Missouri to be with her; he and his twin sister, Margot, borrow money from Amy's trust fund to buy a bar. Amy is outwardly cheerful but is a seething volcano inside. This isn't the life she pictured for herself; she wants her ideal life back, and she wants her old husband back.Nick is a guy's guy; he has trouble remembering anniversaries and birthdays, Valentine's day, whatever. Amy claims she doesn't want to be one of those Dumb Doras who gets her undies in a bundle when her husband doesn't conform to wifely expectations. Their fifth anniversary is about to arrive and Nick still hasn't figured out what to get her. We all know twenty-fifth is silver and fiftieth is gold. Some might even know that first is paper, but who knows the fifth is wood. Amy likes to put Nick through the ringer with little scavenger hunts during their anniversaries. Nick hates them because he can rarely understand what she's hinting at. Nick's sister, whom he calls "Go", isn't very helpful. She suggests he "Go home (blank) her brains out, then smack her with your (blank) and scream, `There's some wood for you, (blank). "Go" is the most unique character in the book but considering the seriousness of what's happening there's not a whole lot for her to do.The similarity to "48 Hours" occurs when Amy disappears. The door is open, the cat is sitting on the doorstep, too stupid to run away, a dress is on the ironing board upstairs and the iron is still on, but Amy is missing. Did a stranger kidnap Amy? Did she run away? Did her husband kill her? The husband is usually the principal suspect and as time goes by this case isn't any different. Nancy Grace even makes an appearance as a fictional character, and she's not a Nick fan. All Nick has to prove his innocence is Amy's scavenger hunt, and he follows it religiously. It's a lot easier than it usually is.We also have Amy's journal to help us learn what she was thinking before she left. Author Gillian Flynn alternates between the two characters chapter wise. About half way through, we get a serious twist which makes Nick look even more guilty.The ending is a bit, okay a lot, disappointing, because the culprit doesn't get his/her comeuppance and Flynn leaves us hanging. In one respect it's kind of intriguing because you can predict what's going to happen if you try hard enough. One of the characters has already told us.
What is the literary term for when an author strings together two-plots from B-movies and pretends it a new story?Well, that is what happened in this novel.  Gillian Flynn's writting skills reflect her time spent as a journalist.  She communicates setting and plot with the efficiency of a columinist which often results in telegraphing the plot.  For example, what type of women constructs complicated games based on historical cues tucked away in strange places?  Obviously, not a women who simply disappears (as in she has never done anything simplly in her life).Nevertheless, Ms. Flynn does an admirable job of describing the role of 'the girl who likes sex'.  It is akin to the depth of emotion she used to describe piglets being ripped from the sow's teats.  Both were enough to put you off sex and bacon for a long time.I think other readers will find the book a bit too long (one hestiates to use the word overdrawn).  Characters like these need to be allowed to kill themselves off quickly so that we can learn about the ones that actually might change during the course of the book.Pacey enough for airport reading but low on the 'Crime and Punishment' scale.djc
This book was a very good !It was a compelling story and made you never want to put it down.
This book is not only very well-written from a technical point of view but the plot is one of the most interesting I have come across in a long time.  It's clever and witty with interesting turns of phrase.  Furthermore, it provides food for thought about the relationships between men and women in general and husbands and wives in particular, and the roles we assume in our conjugal relationships.Each chapter transitions easily from the last and into the next, leaving the reader wondering what can possibly happen next.
I read this book because of a recommendation from a member of my book club. I enjoyed Ms. Flynn's clever organization of plot, construction of thoughts and sentences, and wonderfully descriptive writing, as in the reporter "mosquitoing" around him. But I found no character that I liked and wanted to root for: Amy was heartless and psycho, and Nick was wimpy and untrue to his marriage vows. However, these aspects provided lively and thoughtful discussion for my bookclub!
I am not a good reviewer of this book because it did not interest me enough to read very far.  The tale is 'boy gets girl boy loses girl boy gets girl back; or something like that.  Really, since I did not get past 'boy loses girl,' I can not say that that is how the story goes.  The story reads in a strange way, superficial yet intense.  The author seems to have written it personally, yet put the words into the characters mouths.  Weird.I have since read some comments about this book, like why did I bother?  What a weird ending.
It took my so long to get hooked into this book...but I did....eventually. I felt it could be abbreviated a bit earlier on to keep the momentum going.
I don't even know where to begin with this one. Do I start with the withering setup, or do I start with that "plot" twist, which we all saw coming a mile away, that opens the second part of the book? Lots of negative reviews have focused on the ending of the novel, which I never got through, so I can't comment on it, in all honesty. What I can comment on is my experience of reading half of this lame-brain book, which had such promise. See, there's something to liking at least one of the characters and there's also something to trusting that the narrative we're reading is honest and truthful. In The Church of Dead Girls, by Stephen Dobyns, the narrator, halfway through the book, confesses that he's...(I won't spoil it for you, because it's a totally great read). Here, because we actually "like" the narrator, we sympathize with him; we can feel his pain. This deepens our understanding of the other characters around him as well. It's a beautiful touch, a light touch, rather than what we get throughout Gone Girl, which is so heavy-handed and nonsensical that more than once I thought, Pulp it and use it as toilet paper. Because in so many ways that's what Flynn is doing to her readers--she's using us as her toilet. Look, reader, she seems to be saying, I can tell you whatever I want and deliver it to you however I want and you're going to buy it and I'm going to keep pooping it out and I'm going to use your sensibilities against you. What do I mean by sensibilities? I mean that if you give me a book that purports to be a mystery, then halfway through decide that it's actually not a mystery at all and something more akin to "The War of The Roses" (you remember that film, right?), then I'm going to call you out on it and I'm going to say that you've hijacked me and I'm going to say that you've cheated and I will cry foul. FOUL.This novel is nothing more than aggrieved screed against marriage, which is fine, but it's far from original and it's far from being a good read.
I can't give this review with out ONE SPOILER, so reader beware.  Girl Gone is a great novel, and nearly perfect in every way, except the ending, which, depending on your viewpoint, could range somewhere between so-so and horrid.  But, lets start with the good, because there is so much:  Great multi-dimensional characters that are easy to relate too, Really great 3-part mystery with major plot shifts adding a lot of intrigue and forcing the reader to take sides, then re-evaluate their choice, and good writing, written from both characters first person point of view, so you get this amazing back and forth, which is a great way to approach a novel about a couple's failing marriage (because each side will have their story where they are the victim).  This novel for me was a page turner that I couldn't put down, especially after you reach Part 2 and the plot really shifts into overdrive.  HOWEVER, now having said all this, we get to Part 3 of the story, and the plot really goes awry, much of the intrigue and mystery that was built up is suddenly knocked down and the reader has to suffer through the last 50 pages, hoping beyond hope that one of these two will "get theirs in the end", but alas, as much as this book starts off with a BANG, it ends with a WHIMPER.  I'm not sorry I ready it, and I still think its a great novel, but I think I could have written at least 2 better endings for this that would have given the reader some closure.
Extremely well-written.  Interesting perspective.  Enjoyable read - easy book to fall into it
This book is a decent beach read, which is to say, don't expect too much from it. Gillian Flynn has created a fairly clever plot and a cast of characters who are well-defined as far as two-dimensional characters go. I turned the pages willingly and finished the book. The ending was clever too, if you keep in mind that this is fiction.Her failures: she is analogy-challenged. The first three pages contain some of the worst analogies I've read in a while. A woman's head that reminds her of a kernal of corn. Or consider the character who desires to open his wife's skull to see the centipedes (her thoughts) running wildly throughout her wrinkled brain matter. What the hell. Or would you like the vegetable dip that reminds you of semen. Good gawd.At other times, she strains to attract the attention of the reality show audience. How about a brother and sister together pantomiming a scene where the brother slaps his wife's face with his tumescent "wood-like" penis. For their fifth anniversary. This is not for me.But...if you can ignore all this tasteless stuff, the plot is satisfying enough and the text reads smoothly. As I said, take it to the beach, get a little dreamy on beach drinks, read it through a foggy lense, then leave it on the chaise lounge when you go back to your room.
This book keeps you thinking all the time.  When you think you have it figured out, it changes again.  The least boring book I've read in a very long time.
Good book but it was a bit disturbing to develop the characters this way. Overall an enjoyable read.I would recommend reading it.
Others summarized the plot well.  The beginning is very gripping and original, but the second half--and especially the ending-- are not believable and not satisfying.  It is almost as if the author's agent read the first half, saw it was a sure bestseller and movie, and rushed the author to finish it with much less attention to detail than she began it.Warning to the many readers who prefer books with a sympathetic hero or heroine--look elsewhere.
If you simply want great writing with a brilliant plot, this book deserves the cumulative forty thousand stars it's been given. Gillian Flynn is a master wordsmith; the phrases she turns are visionary and always fresh. This is four hundred pages packed with truly clever and poetic verbal virtuosity. The back-and-forth diaries are compelling.At the same time, the book is needlessly and relentlessly vulgar. Every kind of low and depressing sexual act is described; "F words" and worse abound in ways that are, yes, descriptive, but oh so unnecessary. (Distressing, because the writer's bio picture makes you think of someone you'd sit next to at church!) On top of this, the entire saga is completely amoral. The two lead characters have nothing about them that we can admire or even feel sympathy for. The final plot twists are not satisfying at all, with an ending that is abrupt and emotionally baffling, not to mention ludicrous.This is a tour de force in describing total depravity and narcissistic dysfunction; for that, the five stars are an accurate gauge. But I can't help but think that some redemption could make Ms. Flynn's writing so much more powerful and enriching to a world that needs ennobling literature.
Interesting story that has an ending I did not see coming. I like the way you get two perspectives throughout the story.
Gone Girl is a well written edgy novel by bestselling author Gillian Flynn. Flynn is known for writing books with dark and edgy characters. Gone Girl carries on that tradition. The background seems simple enough at first. Nick and Amy Dunne are about to celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary. Amy is from the northeast, the daughter of two famous psychologists and authors. Her parents created the popular Amazing Amy series of books. Nick is the son of a working class divorced couple from North Carthage, MIssouri. He moved to New York to work as a writer for a magazine. Both lost their jobs in the publishing industry and eventually moved to North Carthage to care for Nick's sick mother.Then the unthinkable happens. Amy disappears. The door of the house is open and there is blood on the floor. The place has been turned upside down. What has happened to Amy? Is Nick responsible? As the story unfolds people begin to take sides and as secrets come out no one seems to know how to distinguish truth from fiction.The story is told in first person by Nick and through Amy's diary. This makes for interesting pacing. Everything in the story is narrated as something that has already happened. At the same time it becomes clear that our narrators are not altogether honest with themselves, or with us. Gone Girl is one of those books that is difficult to review because there are so many plot twists and turns and a good review should never spoil the story.Gillian Flynn has crafted a taut, edgy, thriller that will keep even seasoned readers guessing what is going to happen next. I am usually one step ahead in most mystery novels, I was in the dark through much of this book. That is not normal, but was quite enjoyable. I won't say that the characters are likable, they are not. They are not meant to be likable. Flynn examines the dark side of life and shows that what you see on the surface may not be what you find when you dig a little deeper. This is a riveting story and is highly recommended.
This bone chilling narrative has some major flaws in the writing, but also brilliant and original characterization.  The missing girl's background is plumbed in tremendous depth and the portraits of the couples' parents is detailed and convincing.  The problems are that you can see the main &#34;twist&#34; in the plot coming from far away and the numerous contradictions in the missing girl's character, e.g.  it is very dubious that a woman like this would ever have agreed to move from New York to Missouri at all & would most probably have pulled some kind of stunt to avoid it.  The character is really two different characters:  the one from before her disappearance and the one from after.  The author finds a way to skewer the contemporary mass media thoroughly and delightfully, but you may end up wishing television had never been invented.  Altogether a very worthwhile examination of how two people's lives can intertwine until both of them are doomed.
I was completely enthralled with this writer's prose and story-telling ability. Her descriptions are vivid and the interplay in the points of view are tricky but work to keep the reader engaged. The slow development of both characters' defects is suspenseful and kept me turning pages. However, I must agree with the other reviewers here about the ending. I am not sure how else it could have ended, but she created the story and the reader deserves better. I think it was almost a copout and after-thought. I don't know how they will ever make a good movie of this, but hey good luck.
It took me  two or three chapters  to tune into the &#34;voice&#34; Very Gen Y.I was then intrigued. By the end of the book I wished she had had a better editor and also ended it better.A few unbelievable &#34;holes&#34; in the plot but overall quite a good read. Bet there is a sequel coming.
There is no one to love in this story of flawed human beings. Solid story that is well written  but the story does not lift or illuminate the human condition in fact it couds all interactions until nothing is real except damage and its impact to people centered on the broken hub of relationships. This a very sad story.
Good plot twists and a pretty twisted plot!  Definitely an enjoyable, compelling read. My first novel by Flynn and I'll likely read more.
As a male reader I was constantly rooting for the husband to free himself from the web of deception spun by the wife.  Female readers could just as easily cheer for the wife to succeed in her plot.  The alternating perspectives by which the story is told keeps both reader genders engrossed.
The many twists and turns in this story take the reader through many emotions but I did not care for the book overall.  Both main characters were not very pleasant.  I bought the book for bookclub but did not really like it at all.
A terrific summer read after you have slogged through some massive piece if non fiction. You want a break and read something that challenges you and keeps you reading-- this is a very good choice.
In places Gone Girl is devious, clever and surprising. At it's best it can sit alongside the best thrillers out there but as the plot progresses details unravel and characters make choices which serve the sorry the writer is trying to tell but which make no sense at all to the reader.I don't know if the book is intended to be a setup for a sequel but the ending fizzles, loose ends are left, characters go their separate ways and we are left wondering if our copy was missing a few chapters.In short, not bad but there are plenty of alternatives which should be higher up your list.
Both plot and characterization came together to create a fast-paced story which often left me wondering how the next chapter would go. Excellent!
I loved this book. I will try not to repeat the same accolades from the other reviews: great characters, character-driven plot, clever use of point of view, the fun of unreliable narrators and unexpected twists.I have other aspects to praise:First, I want to rave about the language. The main-characters' voices are wonderfully vivid. The language is witty, figurative, and just plain fun. Flynn takes bad characters, and uses their "badness" to riff on the sounds of words, slang, funny and witty dialogue and wonderful figures of speech. The speech, like most well-written dialogue and first-person narration, distills (but does not mirror) real life, heightens it. The narration pulls us into the character's point of view.This book is a great surprise. I have started so many books where the writer proves they are not up to the job. For example, I started one suspense novel where a character felt afraid and the author wrote, "like a knife cutting into the back of his throat." Then 20 pages later another character got frightened and the author wrote, "like a knife cutting..." Finally, thirty pages later, another character got frightened and the author wrote the same simile. I closed the book and never read the author again.Many genre books (and a lot of literary books) are badly written (self-consciously, pretentiously, or just plain stupidly). At least 3/4 of all best sellers seem created in the "produce lots of books, amp up the violent conflict, make lots of money" mode. Or else the writers can't write and their reader's don't know the difference. Give them bread, circuses and fictional gun battles. "Gone Girl" is leagues beyond most genre (and literary) novels. I could not find any negative style examples from Gone Girl, and about 1,000 positive examples. No words are waisted in this book.The second point I want to mention is about the unusual ending. (I'm trying not to give anything away.) This type of ending is considered anathema in a number of how-to writing courses. In those courses, the characters are supposed to be sympathetic and triumph, or supposed to be evil and get severely punished. Throughout this novel, the characters do not pull the reader in by being sympathetic (the reader is pulled in by great writing, great story and fascinating characters, not an outpouring of sympathy), or let the readers rejoice when their evil brings stern justice. Good! It's a type of ending that Hitchcock wanted to direct, but it was forbidden (popular-taste-wise) in his time. Could we really be more sophisticated?Third point: The characters are so vivid that we can see our own foibles, egotism and insecurity in them, even when they are loathsome. This character development is a real accomplishment. The vivid characterization is what pulls us in, with some empathy, but not much sympathy.The popularity of this book gives me faith in readers. Maybe we are actually getting smarter (collectively). I hope that this sophisticated novel flies to the top of the best seller list, that we all read it, and that we start demanding books of this quality (in genre and literary fiction).
Great book, definately lived up to the hype.  The ending seemed to me to be a bit rushed but otherwise no complaints. Great characters and plot!!
This was a great book. It had its share of ups and downs that's for sure!  I almost dumped it after the first few chapters... But I went back and read some reviews. Seems most agree that the first couple chapters are rough... But then, things get interesting.  This book was defiantly worth the read, but I gotta say-  when these review stars came up, signaling the end of the book, I thought,' WTF??' That's the end?? I feel like so much thought and imagination was put into this book- then the last few chapters and the ending were just rushed. Like the author had a deadline, so she just couldn't give it the caliber of ending this book deserved. Like I said- it was a good book and for me, free from the library- so even better!
Unique story that you don't really see everyday. Took a while to really get hooked but was a very interesting read.
This a book NOT to like...I was looking forward to reading it after all the hype however, this is definitely not a'feel good' book in any kind of way and at the end, you're left with a rotten feeling, kind of like no faith in humanity. Pick something with more literary appeal and more worth your time reading....
This book was so much better than I expected. It was smart and funny, disturbing and a real page turner! The characters and relationships became much more interesting than I expected at first. When I was about a third of the way in, I didn't understand how the book wasn't almost over, then it just turned and grabbed me and had my attention to the end! What amazingly messed up people in this story!
I love mysteries and this novel ranks up there with the best of them.  Great writing! I can't wait to read the next one.
This novel started out slow but once the twists and turns began, I couldn't put it down.  It is definitely worth reading.
What a story line! Clever and psychotic. I could not put my kindle down! Marriage is a strange situation for most people but this one had all kinds of dedication.
I read the book Gone Girl: A Novel recently.  I didn't like the way it kept switching from one to the other narratively.  The book did hold my interest but did NOT like the ending.  It was a huge letdown for me.
Did not enjoy this storyline in any aspect.  Kept reading in hopes of sudden improvement, then morbid curiosity.  Would not recommend under any circumstances.
Very intriguing; the reader never knows from chapter to chapter who is telling the truth & who is &#34;hiding&#34; the truth!
It started off as a real page turner. I couldn't wait to read what Amy was up to next. However approx. two thirds through I found that it became very predictable. But I still enjoyed the story.
I read a sample of this book and it didn't appeal to me, but so many people said how wondweful it was, that I decided to see if I missed something in the story and purchased the book. It was an ok book and maybe because I figured right from the start that she wasn't dead that I couldn't say it would be a favorite.
Best book I have read since Shutter Island.  Ripped through it three days.  Great style with unexpected twists and turns.  Enjoyed it immensely.
It took me longer than usual to finish this book. The book started well, but about half way in, I realized that the main characters were so unlikeable that I didn't really care what happened to them. The ending was especially unsatisfying. It was just like an M. Night Shyamalyn movie, and I don't mean that as a compliment. I'm just glad that I got it from the library. It certainly wasn't worth $13.
Hey! I love my audible books and this was the first I have had that has a man and a woman reading. I loved it. I love listening in my car and this is one that I probably wasted a lot of time and gas just hanging out in my car...driving home slower...to work slower.I must say that Amy in this book is so smart...even the author is so smart or rather clear headed. With my ADD there is no way I could figure out how to do something like this. I must admit I had figured out what had happened pretty early on but I can tell you that it does not diminish the story line.It does seem set up a little to have another book...which I would be happy to read.They are filming the movie down close to my hometown in Cape Giradeau, MO. Ben Affleck is playing Nick I guess and not sure of the rest. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT IN AUDIO!!
The writers style is condescending which explains why the characters are so unlikeable.  The book was boring and I had to put it down.  I was reading for a book group but I will have to tell the group, I could not even force myself to read this.  I know it has good reviews which makes me doubt all the hike surrounding a book like this.
It took a while to get used to the pov writing.  I particularly found Amy's voice to be annoying. THe book was a fast ride of twists and turns, both characters unlikeable and disturbing. You always want a protagonist.  There wasn't one. And the ending, what can I say?  Disappointing. But glad I read it.
This was another messed up, mentally ill woman who may have been smart on the grade list, but was a ding bat in understanding what makes life worth while.
I thoroughly loved reading the book.  Couldn't put it down.  The twist at mid-book was fantastic.  The characters kept me interested.  My only complaint was the ending, and that kept me from giving it the 5 stars.  I felt it was flat and a let down.  I guess I wanted retribution for the husband.
Yes there's a reason why this is a best seller. I'll leave it at that. Don't miss out. Buy it now!
One twisted read! I could not put it down. One of the best mystery's I have read in a long time. Reminded me of the the movie in some ways &#34;War of Roses&#34;
Book was well written and had some interesting twists and plot lines.  Well thought out and executed.  Kept me intrigued and I enjoyed it.-D.C. Renee (author of More Than Enough)
Gone Girl is a well-written intriguing mystery with twists and turns that makes the book well worth reading. Having just read The Collector by John Fowles for the first time, I was struck by the parallels to Fowles' amazing creation. Similar structure, similar POV, use of a diary, and late in the novel, (don't want to give anything away) the similarities become TOO similar. Yet, Fowles succeeds where Flynn fails, and that is with a satisying, believable ending. Gone Girl was almost flawless up to the end, where the author must have struggled to match all the earlier surprises with an ending that shocked. I can feel the author trying to convince the reader of the plausibility of the ending. That being said, the book is still a very worthwhile read. At times, I tired of the unlikeability of the two characters and had to lay the book aside. The rampant contempt for women as well as men became tiresome and unpleasant. Still, careful editing would have eliminated some of this ugliness which resulted sometimes from repetitive writing. The novel definitely raises many questions and sticks with the reader for days.... all signs of a good read. Perhaps if I hadn't just read Fowles' The Collector, I would have been more impressed, but the similarities took away from Gone Girl. Also, Fowles is the master of creating compassion and understanding while also evoking contempt. Flynn's characters merely evoke contempt. Still, her treatment of the media circus we live in was exemplary, and her mastery of both characters' voices superb and consistent (not an easy task). I look forward to reading more from Flynn and recommend reading Gone Girl. Endings are tricky and for me what stopped Gone Girl from being GREAT and instead being merely Very Good, was the ending.
Compulsively readable--bought it late Sunday, finished it by Tuesday. The characters are believable and the plot is ingeniously constructed. As a thriller-mystery, it's one of the best I've read in years. The author was several steps ahead of me the entire time. Other reviewers have opined that the ending is weak, to the point of destroying their overall enjoyment. I concede the conclusion is a letdown, considering the quality of the story until that point. I was waiting for one last twist that would blow my mind, and it never materialized. Neither did the catharsis that is so essential to tragedy. Nevertheless, I enjoyed the ride. Highly recommended.
Reviews for this book kept popping up, in magazines and newspapers, it sounded fascinating, and I was ready for a good read.BUT I struggled with this book from start to finish. I was disappointed with the he said/she said style, with each chapter, giving each others version of their story. I found it frustrating. I was waiting for a third party to step in and take over the story, so it would flow consistantly instead of back and forth.
I have not quite finished this book however it is very interesting and has many twists and turns in the story.  Fast read and can't wait to discover the ending to the story!
That's what I like best when I read a thriller - not being able to predict what's next. This story led me by the nose right to the end. Great plot that sucks you right in.Wintertide: A Novel
I was thrilled with this book's refreshingly new plot and good character development. It is one of those books where the characters are not really likeable, but you want to see what they do next--perhaps thinking they will become more accountable or likeable. The author does a great job at keeping you attached to the characters. Additionally, the plot is refreshingly different from the many "ho-hum-villian/hero" plots that are current in print. HOWEVER, I like my books to have a beginning, middle, and end. This has only the first two. I don't think I'll spoil anything for readers by saying that the ending is very unsatisfying. It's as if the author developed a very good story and then couldn't decide how to end it, so he just quit writing. Perhaps it was some sort of philosophical comment on the state of humanity and relationships, but the ending made me wish I had bought another book.
The book was excellent. I couldn't put it down. The ending? Shocker! I was not happy.  It was a very, very fast read.
The book was a great read and I was capture in the story..I really loved the twists and turns..interesting ending
Enjoyed this book.  It was a very good read.  The story had a unique plot that kept you wanting to find out what would happen next.  I have shared it with others.
This was a good read and I found it hard to put down...mostly because I was appalled at the characters behavior.The last 20% of the book and the ending was quite disappointing.  Worth reading, but not sure I will read any more of her books. The character was not likeable (but was not supposed to be) - no redeeming qualities to the book after the first 80%.
I thought it was a fun read.  It makes me want a sequel.  Hurry up Gillian Flynn, your readers are waiting
This is a "must read"!  I couldn't put it down.  There were so many twists and turns.  Some I figured out, some I didn't.The end was a shocker!!!  All I couldn't think, was that poor child.I will definitely purchase more novels from Gillian Flynn.
I couldn't put this book down. It has so many twists and turns that make it compelling to read. Our Book Club read this and loved it.
I put the book down several times but would pick it up to see how the story would end.  Disappointed with the ending.  Should have followed first thoughts of abandoning the book.
I did, and I don't regret it.  Seemed to start out as chick lit, and took a crazy offbeat turn, this book was engrossing, and I couldn't put it down.  Impressive the way the author manipulates your feelings for the characters, a great summer read.
I thought this was a wonderful read with the plot twisting and turning until the end at which time I thought,  I could write a better ending.
Almost concurrent stories of Amy and Nick.The police think that Amy has been murdered and possibly by her husband - but has she or has she YET.A great read, full of unexpected twists and turns.
Definitely a good read. Keeps you wondering what is going to happen next. Referred to me by friends and I passed on the recommendation.
It's been a long time since I've been so disappointed with the ending of a book. I got to the end and was actually sorry I had wasted my time.
I did not figure this out. So many twist and turns. Gone girl is an excellent book. A must read
This is one of my all time favorites. There are so many twists and turns I was on the edge of my seat throughout the entire book. The perfect thriller, I highly recommend it!
The plot was amazing...totally unpredictable.  I didn't like the ending but definitely a good read. Hopefully it truly is fiction!
I loved this book so much I went and bought other books by Gillian Flynn! It is a riveting story, that changes your mind about the people within it as you read. These characters are so real I found myself wanting to hold themand help coach them through the entire book. I could not put it down and I am currently trying to get everyone I know to read it!
You don't really want me to say too much about this book or I will spoil it for others. But I hated this book and let me leave it at that.
I am one who adored Gillian Flynn's first two works.  This was disappointing.  There was no-one to like.  The people were not believable...well, maybe Go.  It was just contrived to me.  I'll never give up because I think Gillian is brilliant but all the hype about Gone was NOT worth it.  I had to force myself to finish it.  Sigh.
I didn't like the way this book kept moving from past to present every chapter.  It was annoying and made it difficult to stay focused on the storyline.  Can't understand why this was such a runaway bestseller.  Wasted my money.
Well, this book was my obsession and played with my mind for three days. I fantasized different endings, all the while hoping it wouldn't end.  And the ending was so Amy. Her character was true to the end. This book should be required reading for engaged couples, despite the murder, and deceit throughout. The twisted plot grabs you and doesn't let go.
I guess the problem with reading reviews before hand is the expectations of a book, and that is what happened to me with this.  Everyone promised an interesting surprising twist, so when it came, i wasn't so surprised.  A good enjoyable read, and its nice to see a female character with this amount of depth, and not typical characterization.
I really liked this book BUT I had a hard time with the believability at the end. Great story, great characters slightly disappointed ending, but that's just me.
I heard a lot of good things about this book ... But honestly it was very difficult for me in the beginning to keep reading it. But I did because of the good reviews I'd heard & read.  .... The 2nd section it got better. I think it was a Good book but not something I'd say was 'Amazing'.
I love the way Gillian writes. I really disliked the people in this story and hated the ending! It kept me reading!!
Not my kind of book. Hated the plot and the ending. That's why using the New York top ten list can be so misleading.
What a well written and most interesting book!  I wish all books had such an interesting and unpredictable story!  It was especially fun reading from the mind of the main characters.
No happy ending and no justice, very unusual.  Hard to put down.  Makes you wonder about marriages held together for a child.  Hopefully neither parent is psychotic as this mother.
Gone Girl is certainly a page-turner and is well-constructed (the author left no loose ends despite unique plot twists).  The story, however, is not one that stays with the reader for days or weeks after the last page is read. Another recent "murder mystery," Defending Jacob, was much more memorable and thought-provoking, probably because the characters were considerably more likeable and the reader could connect with the emotions.
loved the twists and turns.  didn't find anything trite anywhere.  very refreshing.  true, the main character couldn't have planned as well as presented, it was an exaggeration.  but the beautifully chilling and true part is that if someone has intelligence, focus, and discipline and they decide they want to get you, they probably will. we're spoiled either by the number of truly good people in the world or by the poorly focused (lazy) people around us who consider themselves our enemies.  hard to recognize evil in a pretty package.
Two years after the rest of the world started raving about Gone Girl (which even has its own Wikipedia page!), I've finally read it myself.And, well... I have to admit to being underwhelmed.Don't get me wrong. I enjoyed the novel and was keen to discover the oft-mentioned twists myself, but I suspect the hype led me to believe the book was going to be something astoundingly different. And amazing. My #meh-ness could also be because I've read a lot (and I mean A LOT) of similar books: thrillers in which husbands or wives disappear, leaving behind suspects and secrets.Indeed I recently previewed a novel in which - after following this poor beleaguered suspect throughout the novel - you actually discover at the end that she DID do it and (though she's actually very nice and quite likeable) she casually knocks off her husband at the end so he takes the blame for everything. And I did not see it coming. At all!For those who may not have yet read Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl, the plot centres around the disappearance of a woman and the plight of her less-concerned-than-he-should-be husband, when all clues point in his direction.Amy and Nick should be celebrating their 5th wedding anniversary when Amy goes missing. We know that things aren't quite right between the couple. The first part of the novel is narrated by Nick and he's obviously unhappy in the marriage though much is left unsaid. Unabashedly honest with we readers, he admits that he's lying consistently to the police but (at first) doesn't explain why.Nick is supported by Amy's parents who steadfastly (initially at least) believe that Nick would never hurt their daughter. His own twin sister is more suspicious of Nick's behaviour but their bond seems practically unbreakable.Amy, however, has a voice in this part of the novel as we're privy to chapters of a diary she's written over several years; and she tells the story of a couple - once madly in love but struggling after losing their jobs and undergoing big lifestyle changes. In the diary Amy documents Nick's increasingly aggressive behaviour and confesses to being afraid of her own husband.To the media and world at large Nick's guilt is obvious; however... we readers know to expect some twists and turns before the final pages.The negative reviews I've read talk about the central couple (Nick and Amy) as being unlikeable and therefore they've cared little about their fate. I actually quite liked Nick. He's far from perfect - very 'weak-willed' in some ways and just plain stupid about certain things - but I found his character very believable.The first part of the novel was very slow. Almost plodding. Perhaps it's because we know there'll be a plot twist coming, but (as I had other commitments) I had no problem putting the book aside and taking 3-4 nights to finish it. I'd kinda seen the first plot twist coming and I (initially) found that to be the most enjoyable part of the novel. What came next, however... was just too ridiculous for me to accept and I again grew frustrated. And... as for the ending. YUCK!I can see why the book appeals to many. Indeed it's got all of the key ingredients and (as mentioned above) I read A LOT of thrillers which are similar (disappearance of husband / wife / child / sister leaving behind obvious suspects plus a few unexpected turns of event) so it's a popular theme. For me however, Gone Girl really offered nothing new or different to afford its cult-like status.PS. I bought GG as part of a three-book purchase and despite my #meh-ness, I'm looking forward to reading Gillian Flynn's previous two novels.
This book was excellent and hard to put down. Although some of the scenarios were alittle far-fetched, it is a cleverly written work of fiction.  I will be reading more Gillian Flynn novels.
This story is riveting.  You believe every character and really get drawn into the plot.  Diabolical.
This had a lot of twists and turns but it was a little long. I didn't live how it ended but I couldn't not finish it.
I couldn't put this book down, but not because I loved it, because I was just dumbfounded at the style of writing and what was happening with these characters.  To me it was more sci-fi than reality.  I must say, that I have read all 3 of Gillian Flynn's novels and she absolutely does have a different style of writing - one that I don't care for.  The first review I read of this book said that if you liked "real characters" and a story that's believable, you would love this book.  Seriously???!!!! Does anyone out there really know people like these characters?  I can't imagine.  To me the book was not believable and I personally don't recommend it if you are looking for a true mystery with bad guy being caught in the end.
A fast read and goes into the mind of a girl..crazy girl and outthinks everyone and in the end all survive...well written and I understand they are making a movie about this...
Very very different book. I liked it very much but really had to think about it a lot after I finished to decide how I really felt about it.
i was hesitant to write a review simply because i might give away too much; however, Gone Girl is quite an experiential read. Gillian Flynn is an author I think we can trust.
I bought Gone Girl because it was so highly rated.  After reading it, I really wish that I had skipped it.  Almost every character in the book is a 'psycho' and I just don't find that interesting or worthwhile.
I've read - in a row -sharp objects - in a day - then came Dark Places - I read that in 2  days because I loved it so much I didn't want it to end and then I was sooo excited to read Gone Girl. I HATE HATE HATE to say I Was disappointed - it wasn't as hard core as Ms. Flynn's other two I think she was shying away from writing about "the same thing" because in Sharp Objects and Dark Places there are heavy similarities but Dark PLaces was probably the best book I've ever read - if not up there in the top 10Gone Girl starts when a woman disappears - a diary is found and everything is pointing to the husband murdering her. Having read her other two novels I was aware immediately that not all is what it seems so there would be twists and turns and her dialogue and the story itself are so well written that I can forgive the fact that my heart wasn't in my mouth and after I got to a certain point I pretty much knew what, not exactly what was going to happen, but it wasn't the nail biting experience of Dark Places ( I am, I will admit obsessed with that book and NEVER read a book twice but may make an exception for this novel.Back to Gone Girl. I liked it on a scale of one to ten I give it an 8- Ms. Flynn does have the knack and I predict this was merely a calm before her storm she's testing her chops to move on to other area. I will admit though that the ending was a bit terrifying in a wow that could actually really happen and to a certain extent probably does in most marriages - when you read it youll know what i mean - how many people are trapped??? Trapped in a marriage where the husband and wife do nothing but play mind games with each other? and the passion that once kept then together or brought them together rather, is now laced with seeds of contempt and despair?It is an enjoyable read and had I read this first>?? I would have probably given it five stars - but for people that like a little more "meanness" (I read some people don't like her books because they are mean - but honey, that's what life is MEAN and I like to escape as much as the next person but she is realistic to a TEE) that being saud - if you've never read Ms Flynn's novels - start with this then go to her other two novels - you won't be diappointed - if you're not afraid of a little vinegar with your sparkling water, my darling...
Cute, clever, compelling.  I read to the end, partly because I just had to see what all the fuss was about.  I was occasionally taken up by it, a gorgeous stunt,  but coming to the end, and closing the covers, I felt like I had lost the better part of two days, like I had consumed a somewhat tasty (at least the first few bites) but ultimately unsavory snack with absolutely no nutritional value.
I liked this book.  It was different from others I've read. I enjoyed the way it kept you guessing and the empathy it elicited for the characters portrayed
I wouldn't have known the ending but it was true to its characters.  This was a page turner in the best sense of the word.
Great read. It was recommended by a friend or I never would have read it. I loved the reveal, the writing, the twists, the emotion it evoked. Couldn't put it down.
This was a bit of a weird book.  Maybe I should say story.  I was not sure I liked the way it switched back and forth between the characters.  I did enjoy the read.
Had to do everything in my power to keep reading this book...It was extremely boring, the first half was so slow the send half was a little better, but I do not recommend this book for people who like intense mystery...bored to tears....
When I first finished the book I was very unhappy with the ending but then after a few days and thinking about it I realized it was appropriated.
I started this book with great anticipation--there was so much buzz about it. I'd heard that the writing was superb and I totally agree. Ms. Flynn has a flair for creating tension, intrigue, mystery and I was totally hooked on the story. No one's marriage is perfect and Amy and Nick fall into the trap of complacency when they move back to Nick's hometown to care for his ailing mother. Then, the unthinkable happens and Amy disappears--the apparent victim of a kidnapping or murder. The switching back and forth between Amy and Nick's POV with each chapter kept the suspense high. I couldn't wait to turn the page. That is, until the ending which just didn't ring true for such a well-written novel. It was unrealistic. It's too bad that the author chose to end the book this way because it made the rest of the story have so much less of an impact, at least for me.
It was written very well, the story was spell binding and I would have rated it 5 stars had it not been for some vulgar language and sexual references that cropped up throughout the book.  Totally unnecessary in my opinion.
Hoping the movie is better. Very tough to get into. I put the book down for a month picked it back up and finally finished it.  I like the idea and the planning and boy what commitment, but really the ending???!!!  Somebody else should have been killed!!
I really enjoyed all the twists and turns this story took. It is very well told and my only disappointment was that while building to a big finish, it seem to be a bit anticlimatic and a slight letdown. Somehow I hoped that Nick would finally get the best of Amy!
I was halfway through this book and almost ready to give up when it finally got interesting, interesting enough for me to finish it. Only to be disappointed at the end with a cliff hanger. After all the twists and turns in the last half of the book, I was not happy to be left with an unfinished ending.
Riveting, the characters are interesting. You had to keep reading just to see what happened next.  Enjoyed it!  Ready for part 2
I finally got around to reading this and couldn't put it down.  Gillian Flynn knows how to write a novel.  NO detail is overlooked and her observations of the nuances of marriage are spot on.  This was a fun, thought-provoking read!
I purchased "Gone Girl" for my kindle for what I thought would be a good read. After all, it is #1 on the bestseller list! I was truly disappointed. The writer's style is good, but the story was ridiculous. Each plot development was more unbelievable than the last- and not in a fun way. The characters and storyline seemed to have been stolen from every bad episode of "Law and Order SVU". You may ask- "Why did you read the whole thing?". I guess I was waiting for it to get better. Don't waste your money.
This is the first book I've read that I hated everyone in it. All the charecters are despicable! But I couldn't put the book down! Loved the book, kept me interested, very well written with surprises.
It is a real page-turner, true, but it has a lazy ending, the characters are, to a singleton, unlikable and there's a grubbiness and vulgarity about the whole enterprise.  Doubtless the movie is coming, however, and Ms Flynn will become the next Stephen King.  She says of this book that, &#34;I wanted to explore the geography of intimacy&#34;.  By 'explore' she seems to mean 'write about'.  Explorations imply discoveries and I saw none here.  A good read on a long plane trip, but no more than that.
i've read gillian flynn's other two novels and given the ad frenzy over the positive reviews of the book (entertainment weekly seemed to go overboard a little, c'mon), the book seemed like an obvious read for me. if you've read either or both of her previous novels you know that by now, flynn's stories carry a certain tone or frequency to them. this book fit the dark mold she's created for her writing world. it was written well and i got sucked in, but...by the end of it (and without spoiling it, i didn't care for the ending) i felt like i had been manipulated by the writer. yes, the game of a writer is to manipulate their reader and hit certain beats to create the emotional response necessary to invest the reader to the end. there was just something different about this one that didn't quite sit well with me.  when i put the book down i felt maybe amy and gillian are a little more similar than i'd like to believe.  i'm less likely to read her next novel because of all this.  unless she writes something fun (i know, a stretch) about tanner bolt.  he was awesome.
If there was an option for a minus star then that's what I would give this book.  It doesn't even deserve a half a star.  We chose this book at book club because of the big hype around it as to what a fantastic thriller it was.  Whoever decided that this book was a thriller needs to look up the definition of thriller.  I was utterly disappointed. As were the rest of book club.  What a load of tripe.  This book doesn't deserve to be published!  The editor and publisher need to find a different occupation because they clearly don't know a good book from a bad one!!!
They story was interesting and I enjoyed the narration by the two alternating speakers. However the reading experience was spoiled for me by the incessant use of the f word which was not only offensive but also tiresome and annoying. Enough already--get a dictionary--pick a few new words!
This story is a roller coaster of a read. It will keep you guessing from beginning to end. I would recommend this author to anyone looking for stories that keep you entertained until the last word.
The book had a similar plot to several 'real life' crime cases.  I never did figure out what happened in the end.
...........then look no further. This is an excellent story that results in a gripping thriller. Read this before they make the movie.
The story was riveting. Held my interest all the way through. Better then Dark Places I thought. Easy reading. Satisfying.
Hated it ,.........who writes this s***. I hope for certain that there aren't people in the world like these characters.
The book keeps you guessing until the very end.  You realize at the end, you cannot easily assume anything about someone, and what makes them &#34;tick&#34;.
I had no idea what this book was about, I went in cold. I am glad too because I had no preconceived ideas. It is a unique mystery story written by both the husband and wife's point of view. It kept me wanting to read to find out what happened. I really enjoyed this book!
I heard Hoda talk up this book and I downloaded it to my kindle,good start,builds up well,but the ending was awful!! I really could not understand how the author could not rap it up with a better ending.
This book was ok.  Guess I expected more with the hype about this book.  Kind of left me depressed about how people manipulate each other in a marriage!!!
Wow - this book was a wild ride and it kept me on the edge of my seat. In an effort to avoid spoilers, let me just say that the characters are fascinating and surprising. I enjoyed the multiple perspectives and found most of the story entirely plausible. The few plot holes that appeared are forgivable in exchange for the great ride. In summary, people can be freaky, but I like reading about those freaky people rather than meeting them.
As author ofCeltic Skies, Book 3 in the Celtic Steel SeriesI understand how difficult it can be to truly communicate and describe complicated romantic relationships. This author did an incredible job of including jumbled emotions and real tension into this unique read. Not short on twists and turns, this one will keep you on the edge of your seat! A must read for sure....
I loved this book, but I really wish the ending was better.  It was a quick read and I enjoyed it, but again (and my friends who've read it, agree), the ending was not good at all.
I have mixed feelings about this book.  I found it very interesting and it grabbed me from the very beginning, but I was disappointed in the ending.  I've talked to other readers who felt the same.... it's a shame to read such a suspenseful book that holds such promise, and then be let down at the end.  It also contains ALOT of profanity, probably more than I've ever read in any book, and I read alot.  I don't mind some profanity, but it's obvious that the author's favorite word is F---, and believe me when I say it's used in every other sentence.  It got kind of sickening to be honest....
The story starts out good.  Loses steam with way too many coincidences.  Not much.....  I'm sorry I actually paid for the ebook.  I'm puzzled as to how it got on a best seller anywhere.  Don't waste your money
The plot of this novel was amazing.  Amy truly was amazing.  She is really a psycho of the 1st degree.  I was put off by the language.  I think the author threw in a million &#34;F&#34; words that were not necessary to the storyline.  I don't understand her reasoning for that.  But otherwise it was well written.Do I detect a sequel coming?  The ending left me hanging.  How can anyone be so evil and go completely unpunished?
i really think this is one of the best &#34;who done its&#34; I have read in a long time--the double twist of the whole book just pulled you in.
Found the story line to be disappointing.  Maybe I am just too much of a romantic, wanting things to turn out better in the end.
Great story that never failed to keep me on the edge of my chair.  I wish every book I pick up would be this good!!!
this book took a long time to get to the point, I think the writer could not decide on an ending that would satisfy everyone.I was disappointed in the ending. looked like this guy could not better himself if he tried.
this book was recommended to me by several people. It really was a "I can't stop reading" book for me. I couldn't believe all the twists and turns. It is scary to think that there could be people like this out there.
I don't usually write reviews, but I was so upset that I wasted my time and money that I didn't want anyone else to go through the same. After reading this book I thought to myself...hey, even I could be an author if this is all it takes. Terrible character developement, terrible ending, terrible predictable plot turn. Kept thinking it would get better.... it just got worse.
This was a great story of intrigue and twists.  Kept my attention - enjoyed the escapisim.  Highly recommend this story.
I read a lot of mysteries but this one I felt just wasn't written well. I thought a  lot of things this couple did was unrealistic to rediculous.
First off, let me say that this is a suspense thriller. It's not a psycho killer chiller with lots of blood, torture and gore. That's what I liked about it! This was more a mental exercise than a read where you have to close your eyes against the details that make you gag or cringe.In other words, the author develops her characters, has an unusual plot, and uses alternating points of view (she said/he said) to tell the story. I enjoyed it and recommend it to all fans of a good mystery with a question -- just who is the sociopath here?Nick arrives home one afternoon to find his living room a mess with signs of a struggle and his wife, Amy, GONE. The unfolding of the story, the revelations, the twists and turns will keep you turning the pages! Enjoy.
Not my first choice for a read.  Read for a book club.  I prefer nonfiction but this was OK.  Wanted to get to the end to find out the answers but was tough at times because the main characters were so devious and nasty.
A terrific read! It keeps you guessing throughout the book up until the dramatic twist at the end! A must read!
This irresistible thriller, written by American author Gillian Flynn, tells the story of Amy and Nick Dunne, a New York pair who relocated to his Midwest hometown because of recession and family problems. More important, with brutal precision, tells the story of their marriage, which is collapsing under financial and emotional strains. I enjoy reading, one book per week at least and with this one I was barely able to stop reading it until the end.We are confronted with painful reality about human relations and marriage affecting everyone and throughout the book you keep asking yourself how to keep spark alive when sweet honeymoon relationship period fades out.For so many people who face big problems in marriage, who finally get to know his/her husband/wife after some time that would not be revelation, but for all others question can be asked how well can you ever know the person you married, the person you sleep every night, the person who was meant to be soul mate of yours?Gone Girl starts on a sunny Missouri day -- the morning of the Amy and Nick's fifth wedding anniversary. Amy is making crepes for breakfast when her husband, Nick walks into the kitchen thinking 'Bile and dread inched up my throat&#34;. That first picture leaves the readers in no doubt that whatever type of marriage it is, for sure it is not a happy one.Nick went to work in the bar he and his twin sister have bought with Amy's money but some time afterwards, a neighbor will phone to inform him their front door is wide open. Inside he will found blood and shattered glass, Amy is gone. Gone girl.Throughout the book, Amy and Nick speak to the reader directly. They both have their side of story and they tell it day by day in form of diary entries.Because their stories are so conflicting only one is telling the truth, or because they have been lying to each other is it possible that they are lying to reader as well?We would learn how they met at a Brooklyn party, Amy pretending to be the &#34;cool girl&#34; to impress Nick. Of course you know what the cool girl is. She plays video games, drinks cheap beer, loves sex, eats junk food while 'somehow maintaining a size 2'.It seems that Amy also despise men solicitous of their wives, calling them &#34;dancing monkeys&#34; performing pointless tasks and execute &#34;myriad sacrifices&#34; for their demanding wives.Gillian Flynn's novel raises some frightening questions about the dark side of marriage exposing cunning cruelties that are ruining long-term relationships; the small victories seized, the moral high ground claimed, the emotional power plays that can and will slowly destroy love.Gone Girl is an intelligent and expertly-made thriller full of real characters, so real you think you know them. Despite novel's darkness, lot of people see gloomy portrayal of a marriage gone awry strangely comforting. Or as one reviewer brilliantly said &#34;Read Gone Girl -- and stay single&#34;.In the end probably some of the married readers will be reassured that no matter how difficult their own relationship might be it is an improvement on the poisonous Amy and Nick's marriage. Their union plunged in rage, anger and worse emotions.During the ascending tension in the book, author will be making some sharp observations about human relations, men and women roles when they are couple and the ungraspable idea of being happy ever after. As Amy would say &#34;Friends see most of each other's flaws. Spouses see every awful last bit&#34;.There is something irresistible-to see-unfolding in the spectacle of a husband and wife, who finally understand that they don't really know each other. And one inconvenient question remains in the air - we all knows that behind closed other people's doors no one knows what is going on, but can we be sure what is really happening in our relationship?Gone Girl is proving that marriage can be a real killer and this book will be killer of your free time, for sure. Until you finish it, you will not be able to put it off.Highly recommended.
One of the best books that I have ever read.  Her ability to pace a story and color environments is wonderful.  Please continue wring novels.
The book was well written, and suspenseful, but it reached no conclusion in the end.  I expected relief for Nick, vindication, a happy life, but not to be.
Started as such a page turner and ended so flat, so annoying- couldn't wait to finish it because it became ridiculous.  The ending truly ruined this book.
This book was a terrific read up until the end.  NEVER have a read such a good book with such a thoroughly unsatisfying ending.  Now I know reading it was a waste my time.  The ending is a mean trick or something; I almost felt the author laughing, thinking "ha ha, fooled you."  I feel tricked.  Don't bother reading it....you too will be angry with the non-ending.
Love and hate type of book; well written, but strange overall; reviews and sales had been so good, I was anxious to get my hands on the book;  thinking it would be a 2-3 day read, it turnd out as a 2 week read;  missed pulling me into the characters or the overall plot. HATED THE Ending.
This book is very well written, engaging and absorbing throughout but the end is so anti climatic. I don't want to give anything away so let's just say I was upset with the ending.
Gone Girl had me gripped from the start.  It runs on parallel lines to modern day murders as soon on TV all too often.  Towards the end it's a real page-turner and every guess I made about what was going to happen was wrong.  It is wonderfully written about nasty people -  the hero is well aware of his own faults;  the heroine is not!I would not recommend it whole heartedly for book clubs.
So I try really hard with every book I read to be open-minded. You could even say empathic towards the author. I want to know what he or she is truly conveying with the book's message or plot or whatever. I have to say that Gillian falters on so many levels with this book that it's hard to give her even one star for a review, and here's why:Now, before I rip into this book, I should point out that I DID like some of it. The first part was somewhat promising, and the second part did carry some momentum, but then....well, think LOST. four seasons of pure TV brilliance followed by a fifth season of WTF? and then the sixth season slowly revealing the writers of that show never DID have a story, they just sat in a room and whiteboarded a bunch of questions without ever thinking about how to answer them. I mean, purgatory? Come on!!! Especially when you told SO many people right at the onset that the island WASN'T some middle ground place. And in a way, that's exactly what has happened with GONE GIRL. The build is interesting, the did he or didn't he played with in a clever way, then the reveal that Nick is not so innocent as he seems (I'll try to write this without giving away any spoilers, in case some of you still think you should read this because the NY TIMES says you should and oh yeah, Gillian's EX-COMPANY EW of COURSE gave it a completely unbiased "A" writing), but ultimately, the third section of the book just leaves you wanting something way more definite, more complete. And yet it's not. It's so Lost. It's incomplete in a very NON-COOL Murakami sort of way.Perhaps my main gripe is this: There WEREN'T TWO NARRATIVES here. You would be smoking crack to believe everyone that says that. I literally felt NO distinction between Nick and Amy's narratives. Sure Amy is all kinds of evil brilliant. But the same vocabulary and language Gillian uses to let us know just how COOL AMY really is, she uses that same exact language in Nick's side of telling things. I mean, both Nick and Amy used words in their storytelling that just didn't match the personalities we're supposed to believe each have. Amy maybe, but NICK? Come on Gillian, you can't qualify using big words in Nick's narrative by saying he was a journalist. I detected almost NO Midwestern to him, nothing of the sort. He doesn't feel like a Male character at all. He feels like a male character written by a female author. For this, Gillian, I give you complete credit. All you do is come off as pretentious sounding when you try to make Nick sound like...well, Nick.Speaking of which, the supporting cast of characters were truly stereotypes to the point of maddening cliche. And you using a very terrible cliche at the cabins with Jeff and Greta? I won't say how or why, but lets just say it's completely unbelievable. And disgusting that Amy, who is so completely manipulative and calculating, would let her guard down THAT much. Come on! Yet a few pages later, we are supposed to believe she rolled around in the trunk of a car JUST in case some police detective looked in there for hairs? Hmmmm. Uh, NO.I think the problem is that Gillian comes from a magazine like EW, who I do appreciate their reviews on things, but ultimately she can't forget her past. Gillian writes this book like she's submitting it for an review that's titled "How to do your best to sound cool and write scary characters for a fiction book in 2012." I can literally picture Gillian sitting up in some mountain retreat going over and over again sentences and asking herself, "How can I make this sound cool and chic? I got an EW deadline coming up!" That would've been ok I suppose if you weren't writing from TWO perspectives. Nick the Bar owner and guy who gets by on his good looks and who just happens to be a journalist in a past life doesn't make him Nick the dude who keeps a thesaurus in his pocket wherever he goes so he can talk like he's in the know. Gillian just shows that she doesn't know. At all. How to write a male character.Stick with the crazy, woman!I won't spend much time on the end of the book except to say that it is painfully obvious you talked many times to a police department on things (like how to get around a wiretap). It's especially not believable that Amy would know so much about police procedurals. I guess we have the internet to blame for that though. What's perhaps worse is the fact that you just end the book. I'm sorry, but believe me, the story WOULDN'T HAVE ENDED the way it did. Gillian owes it to her audience to at least TRY to give us a great ending, but instead, we're left with a maddening conclusion. A purgatory, if you will.
There are so many gems in the book.  Great insights into modern women, into relationships, into the sticky bringing together of wealth and non wealth.  But in generally I spent the first third of the book hating the two main characters and stuck around for the occasional zinger.  Then it finally got good when the big reveal occurred and the characters and the story took an amazing shift right, but the end of the book was a disaster.  Seriously disappointed that in the end the author choose to give a cross between Hannibal Lector and Alex Forrest (Fatal Attraction) the &#34;win&#34; and the horror of a child in this train wreck of a conclusion.
Ms Flynn's 'Dark Places' was a great book ruined by a terrible ending; 'Gone Girl' is an enjoyable book let down by an unconvincing, rather silly ending. The first few chapters of this book are completely misleading as to where it's going and what it will become. If you hate it initially, and think it poorly written, stick with it: it improves as you progress and there's a good reason for the annoying early tone. The characters and story were just about credible, if very far-fetched, but the ending, in trying to be clever, was actually quite foolish. This novel is, in many ways, nothing more than the violent fulfilment of a militant feminist fantasy. Unusual view of justice in that an errant husband is thoroughly punished for his transgressions while a murderer gets off scot-free!  Interesting - and insulting- take on what men want from a 'perfect' partner; are the real men in Ms Flynn's life that shallow and simple, that devoid of any real feelings for or empathy with the opposite sex? To say nothing of selfish and self-serving? Even the 'hero' resents and fears women, and the whole 'bitch' motif running through the book may well cast a light on the author's view of how the average man sees women. Also revealing as to what she feels women want in a perfect partner; a man to pamper and pet and run around after them, to have no interests or thoughts beyond pleasing them, and to act forever like a lovesick teenager...whether you feel that way or not! But it must be the right man, and for God's sake don't let any possessiveness colour your worship or you will have your throat cut. There's a grain of truth in both of these views, of course, but only grains; they're pretty simplistic and reveal only small facets of larger and more complex wholes. Also a bit insulting to women and what they want from a relationship; yes, all women want to be petted and cosseted and adored (and obeyed!) but this is only one facet of the female psyche, and certainly not the dominant one. A bit juvenile in its view of male-female relationships and overall a step backwards from the nearly-brilliant Dark Places.
A little slow in places, but overall a fun read that keeps pulling you to the end. More than once during the story I found myself saying &#34;Wow, I didn't see that coming&#34;.
I looked forward to reading this book, but early on (I won't say when so I won't spoil the book for anyone) I knew what happened. Was I supposed to? Was that part of the experience? I don't know. I didn't finish reading it, but just skimmed through most of it. I liked the writing, though. I would still try another book by this author.
I had a difficult time getting started in this popular book ... not sure why.  It was a selection for our local book &#34;club&#34;.
Love the format of this book.  Kept me wanting to read more. Enjoyed the twists and turns of the plot.
Oh, dear, what can I say!  I didn't like Amy by page 25 when she disappeared, so I stopped reading and skipped ahead to **************************** SPOILER ALERT ************* SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER ************** SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER **************************page 369 when she returned, read to the end and could see I was justified in not liking her from the start.  A preposterous story.
Just when I had my mind made up who to trust.......Keep me glued till the end. Great read! Had me looking back to Amazon for the other books that Gillian Flynn had written.
Based on my previous purchases, this book continued to pop up as something I should read via a number of emails from Amazon. I put it off for a few months until I ran out of my favorites and decided to give it a try. I normally don't read female authors and I need to reevaluate why that is. This book is &#34;amazing&#34; ! It starts off very descriptive and dreamy and easy to read but you get a sense that things could turn strange at any moment. Well, it sure does. This book continues to pick up steam with each page and ended up requiring me to set aside most of a Sunday to finish it as I could not put it down. This book is quite frightening to read and really makes you think. The ending was a bit unexpected and I am not sure how I feel about it but, I thoroughly enjoyed it and will probably now add Gillian Flynn to my list of authors to read.
This book has an interesting start, lots of plot twists and was a good read, but in the end it left me feeling that I hated all of the characters.
Well-drawn characters, ingenious plotting, good suspense, fast pace - all you need for a good light-weight thriller!  There are flaws, of course, it's not a perfect book - but how many are?  And we're not looking for a Mann-Booker prize winner now, are we? No plot descriptions here - if you've read other reviews that give away the story, it's too bad. (A major pet peeve of mine about a lot of Amazon reviewers.)
I thoroughly enjoyed Gillian Flynn&#8217;s roller coaster of a book Gone Girl. When Amy Elliott Dunne goes missing all signs point to her husband, Nick. But alternating between the husband&#8217;s and wife&#8217;s journal entries it quickly becomes apparent that both sides of the story may not be reliable. Flynn cleverly inverts the age old &#8220;boy meets girl, boy loses girl&#8221; story structure and keeps you guessing until the very end. Do yourself a favor and pick this book up for some fun summer reading.
Oh my word. That's how I feel about Gone Girl. Not in a good way.These people are freaks. I'm talking Steven King psycho crazy. I've got chills just thinking about them. This is NOT how I like to feel after I close the book.Engaging? Absolutely. Hard to but down? Extremely. Was I anxious to solve the mystery and see how it ended? Oh yes. Was I happy with how it turned out? Nope.Too much sex. Too much language.  Too much frustration when I finished.To my friends, I say don't read it. It's not worth it.
Disappointing because of the hype about who the writer was.  I'm a male and I still blushed at some of the detail and the words used.  Call me prudish if you want, but I don't personally like to read about things I don't even discuss with others.Outstanding in other ways though.  It kept me guessing.  I was for one character for awhile and then suddenly changed my mind as the story went along.  It was surprising to read the ending.  Couldn't believe the ending because it wasn't supposed to end that way.
Read the first two chapters and was hooked. The characters, the setting and the narration is sharp and get you by the throat right till the very end.
I really liked this book. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because  I didn't really like the way it ended.
I was going to write a review put I'll just refer you to one I read because what he said make perfect sense.Reviews that criticize the ending simply miss the point, June 22, 2012By Paul ReeceThis review is from: Gone Girl: A Novel (Hardcover)
This book kept me guessing the whole time.  The characters are intriguing.  You never know what they will do next.
Gone girl was a great story about a strange love between a man, Nick and his wife, Amy.  It kept the reader, me reading far into the night.  I really felt for Nick and the predicament Amy put him in and wondering if he would be able to turn the tables on her.  The ending was a bit to quick. I was hoping for more.
I have adored her other books and have to say they are slightly better but still could not put this down. The author leads you in the directions she wants you to go so keeps you guessing all the time. Great
I'm a picky reader. I love a good mystery. One that keeps me guessing. I didn't know what I was getting into for the first few chapters. The more I read, the more I was drawn into the novel. Gillian Flynn has a way with words and very good at her craft. Reading Gone Girl put me in the same room with the characters and watching from the sidelines. I couldn't put the book down.
I just could not get into this book, I have to confess that I did not finish it, but speaking to others in my book club they did seem to give it a higher rating.
While the book arrived in good time, I didn't like the story as much or the ending. Too far fetched a story, I think.
In her novel, "Gone, Girl," Gillian Flynn presents a cunning little game of "he said, she said" that depicts more than the obviously dysfunctional marriage of Nick and Amy Dunne.  By exploring ideas of persona versus personality that elevate the concept of dependency and manipulation to a psychotic level, Flynn crafts a novel almost worthy of Patricia Highsmith's amoral and asexual Tom Ripley series (The Talented Mr. Ripley).I say "almost" because some of the events that take place and their reception by interested parties, at times, defy credibility.  Perhaps Flynn remains uber-clever, spinning a media crazed zeitgeist of the early 21st century where an absolute truth no longer matters.  The sway of public opinion ultimately rules with the swift power of a "thumbs up or down" of the less refined times of the gladiatorial arena, making the invention of a variety of game faces paramount to ultimate survival. Traditional commonsense loses its grasp; the grounding effect of aligning with conventional establishments fails, faltering in the face of machinations of minds that create whatever universes suit their purposes.  Flynn's Amy and Nick are definitely in the New Age "Now" and take it to a whole other unspiritual level.Without giving away too much, the novel allows the partnership of Amy and Nick equal time as each of them explains their standpoint regarding the state of their marriage on their fifth anniversary--an anniversary again heralded by Amy's traditional "treasure hunt" where a series of clues planted along the lines of "The Amazing Race" will lead Nick to the goal: a carefully selected and Amy-appropriate gifting.  However, instead of detailing for the reader the expected cutesy affirmations of a young couple weaving a life together, Flynn sets a more macabre scene, depicting a cyber-circumstance where a perhaps contrived struggle has taken place, the disappearance of Amy becomes blatant fact and gradually all fingers point to Nick as her would-be murderer.  Using an alternative chapter change of voice, Flynn grants both Nick and Amy individual center stages where the reader can judge the credibility of their statements while evolving a portrait of them and their marriage that will differ greatly from the one they promote.On a broader plane, Nick and Amy represent well-educated couples so inundated by what they are supposed to be: perfect, successful, financially sound, intelligent, pragmatic and innovative--that they have no other choice but to unravel in the face of the squashed economy and downsizing realities of the circa 2012 American world.  Amy's parents, two psychologists who fashioned a children's series of books called "Amazing Amy," starring a more perfect version of their daughter raise the bar for overachievement and stress the young couple's finely-fraught bond when they ask for money to help them overcome bad financial decisions.  Flynn comments quite eloquently using the voices of both her characters on the quagmire of high expectations, entitlement and the failure of smaller goals to manufacture a larger sense of success and purpose.This social commentary skims the surface of dysfunction.  Whose expectations are more unrealistic?  Amy's or Nick's?  Whose voice is more valid?  Whose is more likeable?  Are entitled people likeable? Can only those with such mutually lofty overblown expectations truly like each other?  Is that sense of being "on the same page" what makes a marriage or any other relationship truly work?  When one's game face is stripped off and your partner actually "sees" the real you, is this honesty, this `wysiwyg' supposed "good-thing" what you really expect? Flynn's well-thought-out prose poses these questions amidst the stream of her mystery of whatever happened to Amy; she writes an exemplary and cautionary tale of what today's society reaps in terms of morality, ethics and the lack thereof.  And then she twists it like a Moebius strip and their reality is reinvented and surprisingly validated.  Intriguing.Bottom line?  In "Gone, Girl," Gillian Flynn writes a fictional account in the vein of true crime from the perspectives of an extremely unlikeable five-year married husband and wife attempting to attain success and wellbeing in the turbulence of a poor economy and the wasteland of pumped-up expectations.  The alternating viewpoints of husband Nick and wife Amy keep the reader titillated and wondering what will happen next until the very last page where in moments almost worthy of Patricia Highsmith, Flynn defines characters stripped of false optimism and whittled down to bare knuckled stratagems that will yield them their most willful desires.  Recommended even when some of the response to the twists and turns seem a bit ludicrous yet still reflect the machinations of either the character or persona portrayed.Diana Faillace Von Behren"reneofc"
Characters are very well portrayed enabling the reader to know them; however a few are not what you'd befriend.  The suspence and surprise turns of the plot are exciting and keep you reading.  Well done.
This book is very beautifully written. I'm sure many men and women can relate to parts of it. The ending was way too abrupt. Hopefully the author writes a sequel so the story ends the way it should.
I had a really hard time putting the book down and just when i thought i new where it was going it gave me another twist!
Very interesting, nice plot twists, didn't have it figured out from the beginning which is usually how it goes.  I have recommended this to many people.
If you think this is a wife missing, husband suspect, ordinary kind of book, it is not!  It kept me guessing the whole way through!  I got way too involved with the characters and stayed up to finish, and then couldn't go to sleep thinking about all that happened!!
I liked this novel. It was interesting the play between both characters narration. You think you know what is happening and then the unexpected happens. I didnt like the ending. That is where this read falls flat for me.
It is written in such a different way,so it does grab your attention.It is written from the husband's perspective and from the Gone Girls point of view also. So the mystery unfolds,is she gone and what had happened.It is all there . I loved it .
A story filled with pathology, twists and a desire to control everything. You make up your mind and then start seeing how wrong you were. Hard to stop reading, a train that cannot be stopped
Actually I couldn't put it down. A good book. Quite a devious tale that is for sure! Worthy of a read.
I ordered up the sample first and, although i wasn't  one hundred percent convinced, I decided to order it.  I'm happy I did. This book, the first I have read from Gillian Flynn, became a page turner relatively quickly.  I enjoyed the character development - it crept up on me slowly and brought me through the twists and turns in a way that was not as predictable as I had imagined.  The second half was utterly fantastic --- until the ending, which I felt might have been treated differently, but... ok.  That's a style question.  Because of that and because it took a couple of turns of the key to get the book started, I deducted one star.  But make no mistake!  It's a great book, and very worth the read!
This book is very cleverly written and has lots of surprises. I enjoyed how the author slowly builds the psychological aspects in the husband and wife's narrative.  A great and exciting read!
It's a mystery to me how this book mangaged to become a runaway bestseller.  When Nick and Amy leave New York after losing their jobs they return to his small hometown in Missouri where he buys a bar with his twin sister, Go.  After two years Amy, however, isn't working nor has she made friends.  No surprise here.  Both characters are profane, self-indulgent and just plain silly.  One day a neighbor calls Nick at The Bar and tells him his cat is outside the house and the front door is open.  Nick rushes home to find Amy GONE.  Who cares?  I was more concerned about the cat.  Nick doesn't bother to feed the kitty or call Amy' parents.  People call this a page turner? I kept turning pages and skipping paragraphs to  find out how bad the ending was. I knew the conclusion  was lame going in but I didn't know a runaway bestseller could be this bad from the start.  Run readers run from this turkey.
One of the most awful love stories ever written.  Sick couple sick story.  Why I finished it I'll never know
I was just lukewarm about this novel.  It just seemed hard to believe; didn't convince me.  Can't understand why it's so popular!
Can't decide what I loved more about this book - the author's insight into human nature, the black humor she mines there, her ability to manipulate our opinion of the characters like a puppet master or the wickedly clever plot. All I know is I loved everything about Gone Girl, including the ending - organic, inevitable. Aesop would be proud.
Another great reading recommendation! Loved it from the beginning.I thought I had the ending figured out....but the writer had other ideas.....Will read her other books as well.
This book is full of plot twists and secrets that are revealed slowly, over time.  Nick and Amy Dunne are married to each other, but do they really know one another? It appears that Nick has killed his wife, the evidence is building up that he's done it...then there are the diary entries by Amy that reveal a scary undercurrent to their entire relationship.  What is the truth?It is a twisted and disturbing path that they are on, but I enjoyed the journey.
The plot layout is unique and while you think you may know the answer to they mystery, it changes constantly.  Very well done.
This book kept me in suspense throughout the whole book.  There were many twists and turns that had me thinking the outcome only to change my mind many times.  I couldnt put the book down and even at the end I was left wondering.
To me, this book was not entertaining at all. The characters were all people that I would do my best to avoid in real-life situations - not sympathetic or engaging at all.... The husband and the wife are both so self-absorbed and clueless that reading about them was painful. I finally gave up after 100 pages when I found that I really really did not care why the "girl" was "gone." Very disappointed as Flynn's books are usually interesting and readable. Unfortunately, this novel was not....
It took some time getting into this book. I almost put it down but someone at work told me to keep reading because it got better.  And they were right but you really shouldn't have to read a book half way through before it gets your attention.  I wasn't crazy about the way it ended but oh well. All in all, I consider it a pretty good book.  I have recommended it to other people but I warn them to keep reading because the first few chapters are pretty boring.
I enjoyed this book immensely.  Took quite a while to figure out where it was going.  Excellent plot.  I would recommend it.
Wow! What a ride! Nick comes home to find his wife gone and the house ransacked. Police find evidence of blood that was cleaned up, and as Nick reacts strangely, their suspicion grows. The novel is told alternately from Nick's point of view and Amy's point of view through her diary entries for the years leading up to the disappearance. This is not your ordinary police crime drama - did the husband kill his wife? Where is the body? What happened? Oh, no - if you liked &#34;War of the Roses&#34; you will love this book! The book is 400+ pages, but I just couldn't put it down!
There were twists- however, in my opinion, this story is heavily based upon Scott and Laci Peterson.The Author,in my opinion knows this.Twists, certainly, good writing. Great imagination.
This book had come highly recommended by so many people and I was just okay with it.  I thought the ending was very disappointing - although it was true to life.
When it kept skipping chapters between Him and Her, It seemed confusing to me.  Therefore it dragged out too long.
I know this book has been on the best seller lists for a long time. My husband & I will be celebrating our 60th wedding anniv. in June & this book regarding this couple's marriage was not to my liking. After reading all the chapters I can't say I liked either character nor did I like the ending.
Loved this book.  I was in suspense the entire read and surprised at the ending. I wifi recommend this one to friends.
I am beginning to wonder if unsympathetic protagonists are the latest craze. However, without a sympathetic protagonist it is hard to connect to the story and here we have a cleverly written story where at first the husband appears to be the bad guy, then we discover that it is the wife who is mentally disturbed and a sociopath. But at the end of the book when we just might have some sympathy for the husband we discover there is something seriously the matter with him in the end. He is prepared to stay with his murdering wife for the sake of his child. How he could allow a woman who murders and is prepared to murder or seriously harm anyone who displeases her have a child. And is he the only person in America who never read &#34;The Bad Seed&#34; and so realize that such a woman should not be allowed to perpetuate her genes.  And basically at the end of the book I wondered why I had wasted time reading about these people.
A good story,  but had an unusual ending, not a bad or strange one,  just different and very thought provoking
Inventive plot twists and turns. A surprise a minute. When you finish you're not sure who's the villain. Ending suggests a sequel. Spirited book club discussion: marriage. Phew! Won't win a Pulitzer but will keep you turning pages.
This was an interesting book.  I certainly didn't expect all the twists and turns but it certainly held my interest.
**minor spoilers**Had me biting my nails the whole book. Good suspense, Good story line. Couldn't decide who to believe and then all of the sudden, Amy shows her true colors! I didn't expect that. She is one messed up person and needs physiological help! That's how invested I became with this book. Really good job on the narrative. Loved how everything ties in eventually revealing the mind of a crazy person. I really wish for a mean ending for her but as the original story, the ending was also original.
Just when you think you understand the characters they painfully change. It was hard to stop reading and had a surprising ending.
Really good story. I had a hard time getting into it but once I got past the first few chapters, I got more involved. Lots of surprises. Kept me guessing.
This book is full of lots of twists and turns and keeps you wondering what is going to happen next. The language is a bit explicite at times. The ending was a little disapointing for me otherwise I would have given it 5 stars.
Wow.. ok where do I even start!?? I really don't even know!Ok, so from the first page I was hooked till the very last page of this book it was really, really good. I don't want to use the word amazing and if you read the book you will understand why. The story was twisted "love" story I guess. Can you call it that? Nick's wife Amy goes missing and Nick is accused of killing her. You get to read the story from his point of view and Amy also has chapters, things she has written in her diary. ( I don't want to spoil anything).Really, really hard to write this review without spoiling anything! I will say that I am not sure if I liked the ending or not but it fit. Other then that you need to read this book! Was so good!
"Gone Girl" has averaged 27 Amazon reviews a day since released in late March 2012. That's over 10,200 as of this moment and 24 yesterday, April 27. That means mine will be visible for about 6 hours so I'll keep my review brief.I read this book strictly because I had not seen a book with this many comments except for "Hunger Games" which does not interest me. I chose not to read any reviews ahead of time but did notice that it's roughly coming in at 3.75 stars which I think is good considering the number of contrarians on Amazon that look to counter any trend.My take? I enjoyed it. The story has many interesting twists. The marriage conflicts have more than a ring of truth and at times are uncomfortably realistic. It's just hyper real and witty enough to make it more interesting and smart than real life while clearly being grounded in 2012 America. I found myself easily immersed, sometimes laughing, often troubled and only occasionally predicting what lay ahead.
It was bought by a recommendation from a friend and B-) it was she right. I loved this book and finished the last two hundred pages on a four hour flight. The ending was frustrating but overall a great read. Definitely will purchase more books from this author.
A story that changes course so masterfully that you cannot relax for one moment. When you think that you know what is going to happen, you do not.
Yes, as my title clearly states, this was one of the best books I've read in a long time. I know that because I literally did nothing ALL DAY today but read it, eager to find out what would happen next. I hate long winded reviews that are basically a readers version of the synopsis, so I will simply say that if you like a riveting, twist filled, curiosity feeding story that completely flips you on your head midway through the book...you'll be very pleases with Gone Girl as well.I will say, one thing I didn't love was the ending. Don't mistake me, this was still an unbelievable book from start to finish, and I did not feel cheated or let down by the ending, but I was just hoping for a different outcome...maybe a little bit more at the finish line.
I liked the story and it kept me interested but the ending was extremely disappointing.  I've heard this from others who have also read this book.
I liked reading this book. It is hard to put down and the writing is very straight forward. There are many twists and turns, it keeps you guessing the whole time. Much of the book is devoted to the relationship of a married couple in their first 5 years together. I felt that the portrayal of their relationship from both sides was heartbreakingly real and never watered down the raw emotions. Others have criticized the ending, but I thought it was appropriate for the story. I would definatly reccomend this book.
I really enjoyed this book.  The style of writing was a little different and that was interesting.  Kind of eerie.  Would recommend
Neither of the main characters is someone that you care about. Some of the other characters seem like  caricatures rather than believable people.
To me, the beginning was so blah that more than once I thought to stop reading this book, but I continued on to find an intriguing plot, only to find an open ending, which I hate.  No closure, wouldn't recommend.
Wow, what can I say that hasn't already been said?! This is a very strange story and  the scary part is that there are people out there just like her!
I too very much enjoyed this book though am not sure I liked how it all came together at the end... I love books that keep me wanting to read when I'm not and this fit the bill but the ending was disappointing... though having said that, not sure what ending I might have been happy with...  Still, it's a good read and would recommend... just may need to find me a book club so can discuss the ending with others!Also - did I notice a typo on my Kindle - Dopey vs Money?
Well-written, grabs you by the shirt, whips you around and keeps you enthralled to the very end.I am often reluctant to read much-hyped books but Gone Girl met the mark.  Just don't let any well-meaning referral spoil the plot for you!
Gone Girl is one of those books that makes you jump up and down while shouting, "what just happened!" And it never slows down.The story is fast paced, engrossing, and filled with an unbelievable amount of plot twists. I've recommend this book to more people than any other. If you enjoy suspenseful, psychological thriller mysteries, then Gone Girl is a must.
I was very impressed with the detail (and no slip ups) in the many twists and turns in this 5-star book! I am a slow reader (due to time constraints) but read this book in 2 days . . . unlike other comments, I LIKED the ending because there's room for a sequel. . . I mean how else could it have ended? : ) GREAT JOB Gillian!  Now I'll backtrack and read your other books, this was my first and it was great!
Involvement with these two characters became impossible.There could not be a word of praise for the sick girl and her diary....and when her diary was revealed there could only be disgust at a mind so tarnished.The idiocy of her husband both in the beginning and the end of the book added to my distaste with this novel.I think the most serious review I can give is this:  Unfortunately, this novel ends with the opportunity for a &#34;formula seeking&#34; author to repeat the whole thing with different scenarios.  What a shame that other authors who bring a story to a climax, and then find another subject and inclination for a future book.  Dixl&#62;
What a great read! Twists & turns galore. As a fan of true crime TV (Dateline, 20/20) & true crime novels, I found the psychological insight into these character fascinating! As a finicky reader (if a book loses me, I put it down) I can HIGHLY reccomend GONE GIRL.
Great book!! Lots of twist and turns. The author did a good job of keeping you on the edge of your seat. Just when you think you know, NO YOU DON' T !!!!!  Highly recommend
Generally well constructed to keep you guessing, firstly about what happened then about what's going to happen. I liked the fact that the police weren't depicted as either stupid or super human powers of detection. There were a couple of inconsistencies early on that I suppose we could put down to the main character having a vivid imagination if it wasn't for the fact they were key to where the author wanted to take us. That makes them the equivalent of a co-incidence a poor writer uses to get out of a plot hole - either that or the character has psychic powers!
I finished reading Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn two days ago, and since have thought long and hard just how to rate this book. Here is the thing, I both LOVED and HATED this book. This was the first Gillian Flynn novel I'd ever read, and if it is indicative of her work, I will read more, but with more caution. I thought I was picking up a crime thriller that would have me at the edge of my seat. What I got was a psychological thriller that, at times, had me at the edge of my sanity.When I read I like to identify with a character, I like to have at least one character I love and root for. If that is what you want, also, then beware of this book. Gone Girl is not told from a cop's point of view, as is usual with crime thrillers.  Instead it is told alternately by Amy and Nick Dunne, the wife that is missing and the husband accused of murdering her.  Every time I thought I had a handle on what was going on another curve ball was thrown at me.  There is no loveable character in this book.  Both of the main characters are damaged beyond repair, and we are taken deep into their warped and twisted minds.Flynn wrote these two,  each of their own strange perspectives, so well that there were times that I actually rooted for them, even knowing they were innately flawed beyond redemption.  That was another thing that bothered me.  There was no redemption for either of these characters.  Neither of them grew, came to an understanding of themselves and resolved to move beyond it.  No, their strange narcissistic co-dependence actually gets stronger.And all of those things I hate, are exactly what I loved.  Gillian Flynn delved so far into the human mind, into the truth that some damage can never be fixed, or even recognized by the inflicted.  There truly are functioning sociopaths like Amy and Nick Dunne out there, living their perfect looking lives, inflicting untold harm on each other, others, and the children they raise.  Flynn did such a good job at depicting this flawed marriage, that while reading I actually found myself, several times, analyzing my own marriage and wondering whether or not we treat each other the way Amy and Nick treat each other.  I actually feel a little traumatized after reading this book, and I wonder how Gillian Flynn was able to delve deep into these characters and come out sane.So, for the flawless writing, I would give Gone Girl 5 stars, but then I feel like I just have to knock one off for the mental anguish the ending made me suffer.  No one, and I do mean NO ONE, wins in the end.
I enjoyed Gone Girl because I feel it was a topic that is intriguing and the author took a different twist (style) in writing than I'm used to.
I thought this book was pretty flawlessly written with no holes in the story line.  It was hard for me to predict what the next twist in the story was going to be.  To read about someone being so malicious, manipulative, and cunning was fascinating.  And to read how it ended was just a big wow for me.  I hear that it may become a movie in the future; that would be awesome as long as the production is as close to flawless as this book.  It is an easy read, as well.  An average to expert reader should be able to blow through this one fairly quick because it is a page turner.  It's hard to write a review without giving away the plot, so I'll end here.
I really like the book and had high hopes for it. It was very good until the end. The end was weak. Overall, the concept of the story and the way it is put together is a lot of fun though.
I first heard of this book from The View...I was interested when the writer was talking about her writing process...I got the book immediately and wasn't disappointed!! Love the series!
I've read all of Gillian Flynn's books - this being the last one i had to read. Let me say i loved the other two. This one... Come on!!! The entire first 60% of the book was GREAT! - I loved the story but then it seems like she just didnt know what to do with the ending to make it as significant as the rest of the novel.I got this as a digital library loan and i am SO glad i di - i didnt have to waste my money or ask for it back- now if i could just get back the time I wasted on this garbage.Next time...Try harder Ms. Flynn... Much, Much harder.
While the book was very entertaining, with lots of plot twists and surprises, if you like endings where justice is served, skip this one.  I hated the ending. It was depressing and sad and just wrong.  I wasn't looking for a happy ending, because I don't think that would be possible in this case, but I wanted to see bad things happen to bad people.  I feel angry now that it's finished, and that's not what I'm looking for in a book.
Will keep you interested till the end. Many different twists and turns. Expect the unexpected. Won't believe the ending. loved it.
I was really looking forward to reading this book.  I didn't buy it but downloaded it from my library for my Kindle, so at least it was free.  Through the first half, I couldn't put it down and kept thinking, wow, it's been a long time since I read a book this good.  It was engrossing and, at times, laugh-out-loud funny.  I kept thinking what a good movie could be made from the story.  Thus my three-star rating.  Then it all began to fall apart.  The characters turned out to be completely unredeemable, vile human beings.  The only character I really came to like was Detective Boney.  And then...it just...ended, with no resolution.  I kept trying to advance my Kindle thinking, there have to be more pages!  But alas, no.  My other gripe is that although I am not a prude, I thought that some of the sexual content was beyond crude and unnecessary.
I completed the book because I wanted to know how it ended.  The author is a good writer, but the book was about 100 pages too long.  I did not need to know every thought in the main characters' heads.  They were a couple of people who deserved one another. It is also a commentary on what actually goes on in some relationships; that is getting "even" with their partners.  The main characters had no redeeming qualities, perhaps with the exception Margo.  The book was not quite boring, but darn close.
I absolutely loved this book. A must read. I could not stop reading.Writing is brillant.  It took you on so many different paths each unexpected. I did not want the book to end,but I could not wait to see how it did.  Ending did not disappoint. I did not see that coming either.  Amazing wife or psych bitch.  You be the judge.
Excellent character development. I am now a huge fan of this author because of the engrossing storyline. This was a book I didn't want to put down. I'm now reading Sharp Objects which is equally as compelling.
Terrific read says my bride... engaging, smart, terrorizing... just the antidote needed from all the insanity of normal living, and a steadfast distraction from the television and all the political hype leading up to November's elections.  Makes you wonder whose life is the more dysfunctional?!@
... only because a Hollywood Ending is already written into novel. Great suspense and buildup, only to succumb to one of the worst endings in literary history. I'd have given it one star if not for the fact that I must give Ms. Flynn a little bit of credit for really luring me in -- I read the book in two days because I really couldn't put it down. Now I see myself never being able to stop putting it down -- in the other sense of the expression!
I enjoyed the characters and the off-beat nature of the plot which held me from the beginning. It's a foreign concept as compared with most stories that start with a romantic nature, but Flynn pulled it off nicely.
It's a good murder/mystery and I like the way it's written from the two character's view.  You really won't know what's going on until pretty late in the book and even then it could go several different ways.  Some of the dialogue about men who look for certain types of women, perfect, and the women who pretend to be those types of women certainly made you think about some of the "perfect" women you may have known over your lifetime who implode at some point.  Just what does pretending to be someone or something you aren't do to a person?  And what do they do to the person they were pretending for? There were some weak points in the story but overall I enjoyed it and look forward to another by this author.
I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a get-away.It's well written and full of surprises. It's easy to relate to.My book club loved this book. It was good. I can't wait to read another book from this author.
I did like this book for the most part. It offered excitement, tension and never knew what you were going to find when you turned the page. BUT, the ending was so disappointing and unsatisfying. I put the book down and shook my head for such a weak ending. I was looking for a quick, easy read that would keep my attention and it did for the most part but there are parts of it that are unrealistic when it came to an old stalking boyfriend keeping her captive.
Wow. Thats all I can say, Wow. This story pulls you in, like no other novel I have read recently. Its extraordinary.
I read many books described as thrillers and they succeed when the authors create a story line of some complexity, descriptively written with insights of life, events that entice and reveal, a plot line of surprise and imagination that with its unfolding holds me captured in the web of the writers' words, and as a kind of model for all successful mysteries, a final denouement in the last pages. When I close the book, I want to feel a combination of slight exhaustion and fantasy fulfilled - perhaps like good sex! Or that sense of discovery we call the "aha moment". Gillian Flynn didn't make it.Her story construction seemed a little tedious at first, although later the value of this particular style became more important. Still, the reading reached its high point well before the final chapters, and as I read on I came to a point of "so what". It seemed that each character had reached individual check points and might better have acknowledged that neither had won or lost. They might have come to a better solution for their futures by shaking hands and departing the field of battle.Steig Larsson achieved my ideal. (Jo Nesbo comes close.)
Amy, our &#34;heroine,&#34; is a brilliant, beautiful and damaged soul.  Nick, our &#34;hero,&#34; is handsome, intelligent, and equally damaged.  This story of their relationship is at once realistic and chilling.  There's only so much that can be said about the plot without spoiling the delicious way this book unfolds, so I will try to write around the edges here.  Nick is a fascinating character who suffers a bit from being drawn by a female author who doesn't quite have the male psyche figured out.  Nick is flawed in ways that are cliched and don't quite ring true to me, but it's not a fatal flaw for the book.  He gets better as the book goes on and he is placed in more challenging situations.Amy, on the other hand, rings incredibly true at least to me.  I have met her.  I have known her. Amy is fascinating, frustrating and frightening all at once.  To me, she is more real earlier in the book, but her voice is quite real.  The supporting and minor characters are well-developed, not cartoonish.  We are brought into the world of small town America in a most believable way.I read this book at a higher pace than usual for me.  It is a &#34;page turner,&#34; and hard to put down from the start.  I am not Nick at all, but I could really empathize with him and his feelings about being in relationship with Amy.  This book is all about feelings and relationships, and why people in love do the things they do.  I found it haunting and disturbing, in a very entertaining sort of way.
Just excellent.  I couldn't put it down and didn't want it to end.  Am buying her other two books right now . . .
While the book was well written and characters vividly portrayed, the whole thing was just disturbing.  I tend to like lighter books and/or ones without such a disturbing theme so this one was not for me.
I read a lot of reviews before ordering this book for my Kindle.  Initially, I didn't want to read it because half of the reviewers hated it.  They complained about the way it ends.  Having strongly disliked the end of Defending Jacob, I was guarded about this one.  I liked this book, however.  I don't know of any other way Flynn could have ended it satisfactorily.  I didn't predict the end (as I usually do) and felt it suited the characters.One thing that caused me to be unwilling to suspend disbelief was the interaction  between the wife and the couple she met at the motel.  No way would this woman let her guard down like that.  I just couldn't buy that part of the story.
It was a lot of fun to read this tense page turner at the same time as my wife of 30 years (with the Kindle edition we didn't have the pass the book back and forth). In addition to being a great thriller, the book is about relationships - how often both partners pretend to be something they aren't in the early stages - how there is always something of a power struggle going on - how well spouses know and try to manipulate each other. I can't say much more without spoiling things, because you definitely don't want to know too much about this book before you start. Since some negative reviews mention it, I want to add that I thought the ending was great and even funny in a perverse way. A really fun read, especially for a couple.
There is so much hype around this book I wasn't sure whether to read it or not.  I often have counter opinions to the hypsters.  However, I did find for the most part I enjoyed this book.  The characters are well thought out and for the most part stay true to their type.The big reveal a little over half-way through was a great revelation and a wonderful bit of storytelling. It made me want to go back and read some of the beginning chapters to see if I could catch or anticipate the twist.  The first few chapters after where the best in the book.After that, it kind of devolved for me.  I wasn't a fan of the finish, but understood it to some degree.  If you want a redemption story, you're not getting it here.  I think there could have been a final twist that would have pushed my rating to a 5 star.Overall - a good read.  I enjoyed everything but the ending.
I read this book in two days. It kept my attention. I really wanted to see what came next. I enjoyed the plot and the characters. Id recommend this book to anyone that enjoys a mystery and likes to be surprised!
Buy it, borrow it, steal it. Just read it. I repeat myself: Not to be missed. I dove right in and loved it from the get go! The second half of the book just floored me, and-YES-I hated the ending, even though it was perfect for the story. The one thing I hate about buying books for my Kindle-I can't pass them on, and this book deserves to be shared. I'm sure the movie won't be near as good as the read-they rarely are-but I still can't wait to see what Hollywood does with this one.
Get ready for a wild ride!  Nothing else to add without giving away how spiral and screwed are synonyms.  Wow!
YOU HAVE TO KEEP READING! Don't just make assumptions in the beginning and give up on the book. I'm still unsure what rating to give it, because I keep swaying back and forth on some things. Firstly, the book put me off with Part One, because of the stereotypical characterization of a mundane marriage, and Amy got on my nerves. Well, Part Two totally changed all that, I mean, Amy still got on my nerves, but for totally different reasons. Finishing Part Three just rounded out everything and made me hate everyone in the book, haha. The ending was unexpected, yet anticlimactic. Everything was twisting one way, then arching another before fracturing, breaking and resetting wrong; I love that. This is a true blue psychological suspense thriller. It brought out some of the same feelings I had while reading Stephen King's Rose Madder. I can totally see myself reading more of Gillian Flynn's works, just to take another dip in her fantastical psychological killer of a mind.First Line: "When I think of my wife. I always think of her head."Last Line: "I think I've earned that."--------Quotes:"6-0-0. It felt different. I rarely woke at such a rounded time. I was a man of jagged rising: 8:43, 11:51, 9:26. My life was alarmless." (3)"There's something disturbing about recalling a warm memory and feeling utterly cold." (7)"He promised to take care of me, and yet I feel afraid. I feel like something is going wrong, very wrong, and that it will get even worse. I don't feel like Nick's wife. I don't feel like a person at all: I am something to be loaded and unloaded, like a sofa or a cuckoo clock. I am something to be tossed into a junkyard, thrown into the river, if necessary." (102)"Now let me string still more clich&eacute;s together for your amusement: It happened gradually. I never meant to hurt anyone. I got in deeper than I thought I would. But it was more than a fling. It was more than an ego boost." (145)"We pretend to be in love, and we do the things we like to do when we're in love, and it feel almost like love sometimes, because we are so perfectly putting ourselves through the paces. Reviving the muscle memory of early romance." (404)
This book has an interesting plot, and I commend the author for that.  Too many books are norhting more than character studies (this book is on that borderline between, IMO).  I need a plot to really enjoy a book.  While I did enjoy this book, it isn't what I'd call a satisfying read, so I knocked off a star for that.  The main characters are both disturbed people, and I'll leave it at that.
I really got wrapped up in this one and it stuck to me; I had a hard time taking a break, even finding myself reading at my desk!  I'd say the middle is the best part with the most action and questions, but I was disappointed in the end.  Ms. Flynn did such a good job with 90% of the book, adding twists and introducing characters that kept me guessing and scratching my head.The air was let out of my tires right toward the end when things started coming to light in the story.  At that point it started feeling forced, not natural as the rest of the book.  What had started as &#34;yeah, that's plausible&#34; turned into &#34;no way, there's no way that would happen&#34;.  And that was the disappointing part.  I suppose it's difficult to craft the perfect ending to a near-perfect book, so I can understand how this finale rubbed some people the wrong way.  Don't get me wrong, it's got a slight punch at the end to keep you wondering where the characters are going.  But when you've spent a majority of the book hating most everyone in it, you don't want to see a nice, tidy ribbon on the end.All in all it was a very good book and a fun read.  Perhaps the movie will change the ending, allowing the readers a chance to decide which they like better.
I only gave this book a rating because the author, for my tastes is somewhat too explicit with her imagery and descriptive efforts.  Also the plot is extremely convoluted for my interests.  I believe the author goes overboard with the plot and it is hard to follow with her style of presenting her story.
Gone Girl is one of the best books I've ever read. I found it almost impossible to predict the outcome - the dialogue flowed well, the plot was satisfyingly convoluted,and I had a hard job putting it down. A very refreshing change from the 'psycho serial killer 'genre that has metastasised into many areas of contemporary writing.
This starts off slow, steadily increases the tension. I could not really predict the ending or how we got there. For the most part I did enjoy the book. The author should have eliminated the last few pages. The ending dragged on way too long. I finished in order to say I did but wasted my time.
liked the main characters, engaging for the most part - did'nt like the ending - will make a great movie,
This book had a great premise.  I was looking forward to a great mystery read.  The early part of the book is very engaging, very interesting.  Keeps your interest.  The second half gives you a surprise reveal.  From there, it goes downhill.  Characters are hard to even like.  Very disappointing ending.  I borrowed this book from the library and was very glad I had not spent money on it.  Over all, would not recommend.
Fascinating in both the story and the way it's written. It's also interesting to discuss with others who have read it.
This was the strangest book I have ever read and I was thoroughly disappointed with the ending.  The storyline was terrific, kept you guessing until the end, then bam....the ending.  I don't want to give it away, but I will say the husband's leash was so tight at the end of the book I'm surprised he could get enough oxygen to his brain to form a complete thought. I don't know if I would recommend the book to someone else without having to give away the ending but maybe that's why she wrote the book the way she did.
I read this because of the hype and the hype kept me going over the slow beginning.  The twists and turns kept me reading well past bedtime. The story was a bit too far fetched for me, however.  And I wasn't totally satisfied at the ending.  But overall, I liked it.
This was a marvelous, clever page turner until it became preposterous. It suggested Scott Turow's &#34;Presumed Innocent&#34; in so many ways which was equally a clever page turner (until it became preposterous). But who cares? I will gladly rush to read her next.
No let up with its twists and turns.  Reader is constantly on edge not knowing what Amy's next move might be.
I really enjoyed the first half of this book....put the author's other two books on my wish list in anticipation of future enjoyment.Then I hit the halfway point.The book turned boring mid-way.  It took me a long time to finish the book.  And as others have said, the ending is just stupid.My wish list is now two items shorter.
First the good stuff - the narration on the Audible version is excellent! You can really feel the tension & anxiety and even arrogance in each character as the story moves along. I listened to this book on a round trip to & from New Orleans and was completely hooked. The characters are intensely developed and the plot is very tightly woven and tied together smoothly as the point of view slips from the husband to the wife and back again. None of the characters in this book are likeable and to be honest, I wanted bad things to happen to all of them - that is normally a deal breaker for me with a book. But Gone Girl was so well written and captivating that I could not put it down.The bad stuff and the reason for a two star deduction - The opening pages were tedious and overly descriptive. Almost as if the author was showing off for future magazine reviewers. There is a very snide, derisive tone toward regular people through the entire book. At first I thought maybe that was deliberate and a trait specific to Amy, but by the end, I realized that haughtiness was shown in every character - Amy, Nick, Amy's parents, Nick's sister, their friends, etc. But the main problem is the ending. The rest of the novel was precise and tense and obviously very well thought out, but the ending felt rushed and unfinished. Almost as if, after all that meticulous plot arranging, the author just had no idea what to do with the characters. What a shame... real closure would have made Gone Girl a five star book!
This book had my attention from the very first page with all of it's twists and turns.  Great story line!
I loved this book. Until about three-fourths of the way through. By then I'd had enough twists and turns to make me carsick and enough development of a bad marriage to make me heartsick. I was left feeling worn out and disappointed that two people could manipulate and malign each other so much that neither one is left with integrity. Instead, what we have is a thriller turned into a travesty. Instead of scary? It's so sad.
I liked the first half of the book.  Part II starts and from that point forward, the characters and all the actions that take place are completely ridiculous.  Unbelievable.  Would never happen in 'real' life.  It basically took a turn for the worst - and that's how it ended.  Terrible ending.  I was so disappointed.  The beginning showed real promise.  I found both main characters interesting and could barely put the book down.  Unfortunately, by the second half of the book, it took me forever to finish the book, because I was starting to lose interest.  The story was turning into a very bad (made for TV) movie crime drama special that you wish you never wasted your time watching.  I am hesitant to try Dark Places.  Some friends have said it is good and better than Gone Girl.  I sure hope they are right, if I decided to buy Dark Places.  If I find myself finishing another book with an idiotic ending, I am not going to be happy.
A splendid mystery - the characters are so well drawn I was hooked after the first few pages.  Because I was so into the story until the very end, I was enraged that she wasn't caught.  I will read all Gillian Flynn's other books!
I bought this book with high hopes. Some of it was really interesting and suspenseful, but then it became ridiculous and unrealistic. My sister had warned me that she didn't like it, but I thought I'd finish it anyway. The ending sucked. I kept hoping that "Amy" would get what was coming to her, but nope! What a letdown.
Wow! This book is the epitome of greatness. The story so craftily written, a story so daring, cut throat, and appealing.  I literally woke up at the crack of dawn for two days just to read it. One of my favorite reads. Thank you Gillian Flynn!!!!
This was my first Flynn novel and I really enjoyed reading it. It held my attention and forced me to read it in about six hours because I really wasn't sure what was going on in the book. Did he or didn't he? This book made me think about my marriage, my wife, and are there really people out there that messed up? Unfortuantely there are, so I am now going to buy Ms Flynn's 2 other books to enlighten me some more.Dom Mosco via Amazon Kindle
I couldn't put this book down but the ending had me really peeved. Really?!This is still a brilliant book and I highly suggest reading it. No spoilers but what a fantastic read. Wish I could write an alternate ending though.
Wow, all I can say is...wow. This story did not go the way I thought it was going to at all. Every time I thought I knew what was about to happen, it threw me for a loop and went in a totally different direction. I think that's one of the reasons I enjoyed it so much, that and the fact that it wasn't your typical type of story of boy meets girl, girl goes missing, boy is convicted of her murder, no this story took it to a whole nother level. I'm not sure I even knew what crazy was before Amy Elliot Dunne. It was never boring and predictable, that's for sure.
The style of writing herein was very annoying.  The first segment of the book reminded me of someone on cannabis or LSD: psychotic ramblings with vulgarism.  It was similar to another book I read entitled The Woman Who Lost Her Soul, except that one went from a story about Haiti to a dysfunctional family in the Balkans.  At least this one had a uniform plot, but the ending leaves one unfulfilled as did The Woman Who Lost Her Soul.  It appears that young writers prefer a choppy and disjointed form of delivery, something one doesn't get from a Baldacci, Tapply, or Brown (older folks-even dead ones).  This book has a good plot and the writing seems to improve the deeper one enters the novel.  I may not exactly prefer Hollywood endings, but this one is way out there.  Myself, I just couldn't visualize a conclusion like this in reality.  I'm sorry, but I'd rather stick with Rex Stout, Harlan Coben, or Lee Child.
I found myself struggling to read Gone Girl in the first half of the book. It was hard work for me, for three reasons:1. Written in first person. For some reason, I usually find novels written in first person to require more effort.2. Two narrators. Flynn alternates narrators every chapter. Different personalities, different voices. Multiply the first person issue times two.3. Unreliable narrator. The narrators seem to be telling opposite sides of the same story, but they can't be--something's not quite right. Somebody might be trying to pull the wool over our eyes. But which one?This makes the first half of the book unsettling. What's going on here?But hang on. Around the halfway point, things become a bit more clear, and then it's a race to the finish.Flynn's writing gives her characters fresh, outspoken personalities and dialog that sparkles. The dynamics of the relationships are very intense.So if you're thinking about reading this book, I encourage you to dive in. Don't give up during the first half. It takes some work, but it's worth it.
Because of the buzz surrounding this story, I ignored all the warning bells that went off in my head as this story unfolded. There had to be a clever ending to offset all these clich&eacute;d characters and situations, some stroke of  brilliance that would warrant the raves that this tangled narrative received...WELL....
i liked it alot xx x xxx x xxx x xx xx xxx xx xxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xx x xxx xxxx xxxx xxx.
I absolutely loved this book! Surprising twists and sharp turns! Excellent suspenseful read!  Wish ending was more elaborate , but that's just my preference. Loved it!
Boring Book - When you have finished the book which was a real chore, you feel like the human race has sunk into some kind of dark hole.  Every character is weak, lazy, selfish etc.  The back and forth dialog was very repetitive and rather childish.
Doesn't anyone in today's world take exception to the filthy language and scenes set up in this book???  What happened to good, pure, wholesome literature suitable for anyone who wants to read a good mystery?Great story but couldn't stomach all the utterly disgusting language!!  I hope people do not really speak that way!!
Quite a good tale here for folks who like mind games.  This is actually an exceedingly clever story; it's well written and carefully thought out.  While I can understand the disappointment some may have had with the ending, I think it ended the only way it really could.  Quite fun.
On the 5th anniversary of Nick and Amy Dunne, Amy goes missing, the house shows signs of a struggle and Nick is not being totally being dishonest with the police.  As each day passes with Amy's disappearance more and more evidence appears suggesting that Nick has killed his wife - but Nick insist he is innocent.  Written in 2 POV, Amy's through her diary and of Nick as he follows his wife's anniversary treasure hunt  - of which all have double meaning.  Gillian Flynn had written quite the psychological thriller, a story that paints quite the picture - of a toxic and dishonest marriage, a story that is full of twist and turns and at times rather disturbing.  Just when you think you have figured it out, you turn the page and hit in the face a big OMG.  While I wasn't total enamored with the ending it was certainly chilling.This was an audiobook and was very well done.  Amy was read by Julia Whelan who portrayed Amy as the perfect psychopath wife and Nick was read Kirby Heyborne.
The two main characters were more than flawed...He was so non-communicative, that I became frustrated, and she was totally crazy.  Her psychologist parents were so self-absorbed that they couldn't/wouldn't offer any assistance to her, although she seemed to be crying out to them always.  He seemed to be unable to understand any of her needs.  I never did figure out where his twin sister fit in.  I actually became depressed while reading it...hoping somehow that it would get better, but it never did, at least for me...It clearly was an uncomfortable book for me to read.  Overall, I would not recommend it to my book club.
I really enjoyed this book.  Very suspenseful and quirky, the plot twisted and not anticipated.  Would recommend theis book to anyone
I will give the book one star because of the fantastic job of marketing; hype and hyperbole have marked a black hole of literary worthlessness.  I find the nearly 1,000 5 stars remarkable, and can only conclude many reviewers in this category are not familiar with psychopaths and sociopaths, much less narcissists, and have a fascination with them.  Frankly, they aren't very interesting, nor are they creative and mercurial.  Neither are Nick and Amy.  I simply could not read this book more than half way through, although I do loath failure to finish something for which I paid so much.  Well, for those that do like it, enjoy.
I enjoyed most of the book and I thought it was well written because the story line was interesting and the plot is well constructed.  I really hated the sick relationship that the ending revealed,  it was toxic.
I really liked the way Nick's story was presented and then Amy's. I could not put this book down! Amazing Amy was warped by her crazy parents, and I can't wait to see the movie!
Despite several other writers whom I follow closely are on the Edgar this, this is my pick for best novel. Well-crafted. Twists and turns that the reader has a hard time guessing and such a surprise ending for the average reader and a surprise even for the well-read
The twists and turns in the plot kept me interested by not glued to the book.  At times, the characters are tedious and disingenuous.I will read her other books in the future just to see her earlier novels.
This book provided a roller-coaster of emotions and left me open-mouthed in surprise at several points.  I would have rated it higher, but it was slow-moving at the very beginning, I didn't care for the characters initially, and at one point, I actually put it aside and read a few other books before coming back to it.  However, once I reached the first point where I literally sat forward and yelled &#34;Oh, no!&#34; I couldn't put it down until the end.  It is seldom that an author completely takes me by surprise, but Gillian Flynn has done so.  I can see why it's on the top of the charts.
This book started off wide open.  I was impressed with the storyline and how it captured my attention and held it.  However, I was sorely disappointed with the ending.  The author kept the suspense and the anticipation at full throttle and at the ending of the book I almost felt like I'd been used!  What a let down.  That being said, Gillian Flynn is a fine author but in my opinion needed some help with the ending of the novel.
What a bizaare story!  At first the obscenities seem to be part of a character response.  Then they become more vile as the story degenerates into a devious plot so twisted that the language and actions are unredeemable.  The setting and circumstances are believable but the depth of deprivity exhibited by the characters is sordid.  This is not an entertaining book and I sincerely wish I hadn't read it.  Very offensive and disturbing!
I did not like the ending at all-and the bouncing back and forth from Amy and her husband sometimes was confusing-I wouldn't recommend this book
This is about a marriage I guarantee you will remember by an author you should be sure to remember. Give it time to hook you--you won't e sorry.CURED
read it fast, hard to put down, good summertime beach reading perhaps.  fell apart at the end for me. I hate to say this, but the author comes across a little like her characters -- he writing maybe a little too smug and not likely to admit her flaws.  meow!
I really don't like rating this book when I couldn't even get past the 3rd chapter.  My sister recommended this book as a great read...said she couldn't put it down.  I had no problem putting it down and moving on to other books.
This was an excellent book.  Great characters, and th story was interesting and you couldn't figure out the plot until the end.
Wow! Loved the deviousness of this book. First the husband seems evil, then the wife. Very cool!  I was never able to guess how it was going to end.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I absolutely hated the ending!!  Won't spoil it for those who will be reading it, but it just seemed like the author, who came up with the best characters, could have come up  with a better ending.
I was so engrossed in the book and was so close to putting it in the top 10 of 2012 but I was disappointed with the ending. I don't agree with her choice but that's life.
I had read rave reviews about this book and finally bought and read it. I don't know what I was expecting but at first I found the way the story went back and forth to be annoying (sorry!). As I got into the book, I couldn't wait to get to the end to find out what the heck would happen! It is well written and original in tone and technique and that is refreshing. I will read more books by this author.
Just when you think you have this figured out, believe me you don't.  It was an exciting book but I really was disappointed at the end of it.
stuck on the sofa..can't move ...can't put this book down!  send food...and wine...OMG you are going to love this..Psychological thriller that just makes you so uncomfortable that you can't stop reading it...Kudos to the author on mastering one of the hardest genres to write!  Great book!
I read one chapter and quit.  In all the hundreds of books I have read in my lifetime, I have never quit like this.  I hated the writing style and could not figure out where he was leading.  After the one chapter, I scanned through the second one and read the chapter titles and found that this book was going to be boring. I should have given it more time but with all the wonderful digital books available, why bother trying to read a book that I would find boring.
The story started out slow for me but turned out to be a page turner (or button-presser on my Kindle).
Although I finished reading the book just to see how it would end and because of all the rave reviews, I did not particularly like it.  Everyone in the whole book was flawed, and, it seemed everyone &#34;lost&#34; in the end.  How depressing!
It was predictable.  After reading 3/4 of this novel, I quit reading.  I think it is the first book that I've ever started reading  and just said &#34;enough&#34; before the ending. The  author used too much foul language that I felt was not necessary to the story line.  I understand the use of such language is required to give the reader a better sense of a character's thoughts and feelings, but this was overdone.  Another thing about this book is that I kept sensing that the anger and hatred was from the author and not the character. I couldn't move away from that feeling.
The story is about two vindictive characters. There was nothing likeable about it. It was not my kind of book.
At first I didn't think I would like this book, didn't think it was my type.  But halfway through, I took me by surprise.  I loved it!
Review by Donn G. Ziebell, Ph.D., Never kicked by a horse nor a mule, and author of the non-fiction Amazon book, "My Letters to a Prisoner -- I had not met". Become an insider to the humor and private life of the writer's encounters and adventures home and abroad; a selection from over 100 letters written in six years.I thought I was going to be a goner with the trail of dissatisfaction Amy and Nick had within their marriage. It had more dents than a nice car slammed with a sledgehammer hundreds of times. Good times peaked though at moments but family wealth and good actions could not be maintained. Plus the wife's parents were wealthy authors of a running editions of a children's book series. Their main character in their books was named Amy, was their daughter. Happy little miss nice in the children's books was not mirrored in their flesh and blood daughter Amy.Amy planned an annual love, treasure hunt for Nick as her way to celebrate their anniversary. But Nick was derailed on the day of their 5th anniversary; Amy disappeared. Kidnapped or killed? Here the author's foot hits the accelerator and the story runs very fast, making me wake up at 3:00am to read until I tire and fall back to asleep again. Warped words and actions by both Nick and Amy kept me on the move. My run with my projected guesses were all denied substantiation. Who is becoming irrational, more mad, or extreme, me or the characters in this book? Well won't you be surprised!
So smart and a great twist I did not see coming. I jumped right into another one of her books because I love her
Amy and Nick Dunne were a lovely couple, their love one to rival the sappiest romantic pairing in the history of romances...that is until Amy disappears and Nick is the prime suspect in the disappearance. Things quickly escalate and ol' Nicky looks to be in a world of trouble. Though, this isn't the entire gist of the story. Oh no, it gets much stickier and leads you down roads that twist when you think they'll turn and zig when you think they'll zag. This novel is a thrilling mystery that had me scratching my head at its brilliance unfolded before my eyes. I was shocked at how things turned out about three-quarters through the book, and the ending is one I surely didn't see coming. Gone Girl is one of the best reads I've had this year so far, and I would recommend it to those who enjoy a...different view on unhappy marriages "changing things up."
Welcome to the big time Gillian Flynn. Formerly a writer with "Entertainment Weekly" Ms. Flynn has turned out a masterpiece. I could not put this down and lo and behold it jumps on the National Best Sellers at Number 2. (It's fun to pick a winner) This will grip you and disturb you, it would be unfair to reveal one word of the plot. Just read it!  The characters will linger on in your physche. Don Wardell
The first half of the book was intriguing - so 2 stars for that.  The story line disintegrated into an impossibly unbelievable plot - no star for that. Too bad the girl wasn't really gone. Not one likable character to cheer for in the entire book.
This book had me guessing non stop, and once I couldn't put down.  Lots of twists and turns and once you think you have the answers.......you don't!  I am anxious to read other Gillian Flynn books.
I was totally into this book until about 90% into it.  I was so disappointed with the ending that I just stared at the page.  I wonder why the author wrote such an interesting story and then didn't bother to come up with a well written ending.  Planning a sequel maybe?
This book will keep you awake at night trying to finish as many chapters as possible to find out what happens next--it did for me. As many turns as a steep mountain road, the story unfolds in a fascinating reveal of character and love gone terribly wrong. Gone wrong. Gone girl.
This is not my normal type of novel.  Bt it such great reviews,I bought it. All I can say my Kindle showed 58% read before it got interesting.  Very slow moving.
I found this book totally mesmerizing.  It was craftily written and a satisfying read.  The plot of the book was unusual enough to keep my attention; it truly is a page turner.
If I had written this review as soon as I finished  the book I would have given it only one star.  After thinking more about the book I realized if you like a slower moving book and don't mind strange endings then I would say this is a good book.  I did like the authors writing style and would try another book.
Every woman, especially married should read this. As wicked and crazy the heroin appears, you have to admire her resourcefulness. Absolutely loved it.
How do I possibly rate this book without giving away some of the good stuff?  I had to take a look at some of my own relationships and ask myself, "Did I ever play a part?  Pretend to be someone other than who I truly am?"  I don't think so, but yet I am reminded of a "comeback" a guy once said to me."You'll never meet anyone like me,"  I said in a joking manner.He replied, "I always prayed I wouldn't."  Holy Hell!  Maybe 'he' wasn't joking!  No matter.  He soon became history, not because of what he said, but because it would never be "our time."Cut to the man I've been happily married to for almost 40 years and 'his' comment to me, utterly unexpected, hilarious, and still makes me laugh out loud 40 years later.I farted.He immediately said, "Your voice is changing but your breath still smells the same."  These words, from a decent, good, honest, and extremely Catholic man made me certain that I loved him and wanted to spend the rest of my life with him.It's the little things, the 'inside jokes' shared by Amy and Nick, which drew me into this fascinating novel, making me believe they would be a 'happily ever after' couple.  Little did I expect the sheer terror to come rolling in, the shocking twists and turns, the mind games, and the ending which made me "Unsatisfied....But Oddly Content."Surely this can't be the grand finale?  I want more!  I want to know how the rest of their lives turned out!  Hell, I want Nick to end up with Boney!  I want Amy in prison stripes!Truly, a fabulous read.  Buy it, borrow it, or steal it, but by all means, read it!
I was bored to death at first and could not figure out why my daughter insisted I read it but the more I read the harder i was to put down.
I bought this book because it was on the best seller list, and I now wonder why it was on this list?  I found the alternating narrators, first he, then she, interruptive as I was reading.  Somewhat far-fetched plot, with less substance than I like in a plot.  One wonders if this was supposed to be an analogy of a bad marriage?
I am not even 3/4 of the way through this book, but I cannot put it down.  Very well written and, obviously, one that keeps the reader's attention.  So far, loving it!
What an exceptional book with many twists and turns. This author knows how to write so you don't want to stop reading until it's done. Well thought out and perfectly paced thriller. Offers lots of things to think about.
it's not great literature, keeps one reading and reading until you see where the characters are going. Not the ending I would have liked but it is consistent with all the plot twists and turns.
I can't understand how anyone can make up a story as convoluted as this one, but Gillian Flynn has done just that. It is really difficult to understand what has happened and how in this story, which keeps you hooked in and reading to find out what happens.
I was disappointed because it was very predictable.It was a book I was able to put down! This book didn't keep my interest like most books recommended by other readers.
Disappointed in this reading.  It was not what I expected it to be. Kept reading to see if there would be better development within the story.
This book gripped me from the start and I was totally taken with the emotional roller coaster. Only downside is I cannot discuss book with anyone who has not read it!
First, let me say that this is a terrific novel: gripping from the get-go; some great twists; very strong prose.But here's a warning to Kindle owners: Do not read the table of contents. The chapter titles, from the novel's mid-point onward, actually contain spoilers.
It kept me interested but was less than what I expected after reading reviews.  I like a book with twist and turns but feel the way the author did this in the 1st half was misleading. I feel the writers adjectives were a little over the top, like a college student trying too hard to be a "writer".  Good books take outlandish stories and make them close to believable, or they are such a clever read, the reader may provide the writer with some slack.  I did not beleive the events as they occur (or the characters) were close to realistic and did not feel generous with providing this leeway.  Although not necesary, I tend to enjoy a book where I like or respect at least some (even one)character(s).  Perhaps I'm too idealistic, but it is good to cheer for someone.  There were no characters in this book that I cheered for, that I liked, or respected.  I had no one to cheer on.  That makes the ending somewhat anticlimactic, unfinished, and unrealistic (not believable).  It is OK to have a bad ending where the good person dies or loses, it is obviously great  when they win.  Whatever the ending (good or bad), a dramatic, thought provoking, emotional, or suprising end is useful.  But this book(?)... Did not get any of the above - no real emotion at the end.  It just ended.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn.  I found it a slow read, not a page turner, but overall not a bad story, it just seemed to take forever for the plot to evolve.  Well written, detailed, perhaps too much detail!
I was absolutely captivated by this book for the first 95% of it.  It had extremely interesting characters, unexpected and creative twists and turns while being well written.  Then all of a sudden, SCREECH>>> the ending was easily one of the stupidest resolutions I've ever read. Seriously pathetic.  It seemed like the author completely ran out of ideas or just hit the required amount of pages promised to the publisher and just abruptly ended it.  There is absolutely no way the characters described so well throughout the book would have ever accepted or participated in the trite ending.  What a complete letdown.
With all the hype that came with the book, I was somewhat disappointed, but I still enjoyed the book. It was not a book I could not put down for a while.
Looking at the story from two alternating perspectives is an interesting construct.  Kept me up reading late at night, which is rare for me.  Highly recommended if you like mysteries.
There's a lot of twists and turns. You can't figure out in the first quarter of the book. Hats off!
This book was a roller coaster ride that I won't soon forget. What appears to be something grabbed from today's headlines turns out to be much more dark and sinister. Nick and Amy Dunne have hit a rough patch in their marriage when Amy suddenly disappears on their fifth anniversary. As the investigation deepens Nick becomes the prime suspect.During the first part of this book it seemed just like one of those all to familiar mysterious disappearances of a loving, devoted wife. I found myself being sucked into the story and cast in the roll of the disgusted public calling for the husband's head. It seemed obvious that Nick was behind the disappearance, and I felt horrible for Amy.I was not prepared for the jaw-dropping revelation in the second part. The twists in this book boggled my mind. The tangled web of this story became more intricate until the climax of the third part. This book will leave readers still thinking about it long after they finish it. An absolutely thrilling book that will mess with your mind.
No plot spoilers here. I really liked this book as I read it. It kept me hooked for days and I kept looking for &#34;another few minutes&#34; of reading time because it was quite the page turner! I am glad I read it: interesting (clever) writing style, great plot twists and a new type of &#34;thriller&#34;. I admit, the end fell a bit flat. This is only because the rest was so good! I do recommend it and I will be checking out her other books. Enjoy!
Loved the different approach to telling the story.  Despite a few plot holes and the indefinite ending would recommend.  Is there a sequel?
Clever plot but the ending was so sudden, unresolved that it made me angry for reading it.  When done, it made want to buy a fluff comedic romance to wash out the bitter taste Gone Girl left in my brain...
enjoy it! I feel it's worth it and her other books Sharp Objects and Dark Places are very good. I look forward to her future books!
The story was clever and convoluted.  Don't want to give away the ending, but didn't like the way it ended, where is the justice?
Once I finally got in to the book (which took a good 100+ pages) I still found that I was having to force myself to finish reading it. Yes, it does have some really great plots & such but the end sealed the deal for me. Worst ending to a book this complex EVER. I would not recommend.
(a) People in relationships are like this.(b) There are people in relationships like this.(c) This may be an exaggeration but all relationships are like this to some lesser extent.(d) None of the aboveAnswer C.  (Don't kid yourself, the answer is C not D).Gone Girl--is billed as a page turner. In my paperback copy there are five pages of excerpts from raving critics. My reaction is more subdued. That said, it was a page turner.  After I got to about page 100 I was gone.  After page 200, the cliche &#34;you can not put it down&#34; applied.I have never read a book by Gillian Flynn but I am sure now I will read another. This was so well written. The film (which I understand is forthcoming) could not capture the novel because so much that is marvelous (literally, you marvel at it) about the writing is not in dialogue and could not be captured wholly visually.  Flynn describes the thought processes of both main characters vividly.  Some of the secondary characters, particularly the man's twin sister, are also drawn well.The problem is that a and b in my little quiz above are really not correct answers.  As a general rule, relationships are not as fakakt as this one and while there are some people as fakakt as a main character in this novel, this person is an anomaly. If in your experience you have met an abundance of these folks, it is time to move. I have met my share of strange ducks, but we are talking very strange events here particularly the way it ends up.I do think though that C above is the correct answer.  How we connect with others, the deals we make, are often very peculiar and incomprehensible to those on the outside.A primary criterion I use when I evaluate books is how likely it is that the story and theme will stay with me. I don't think this one will linger.  The character is so bizarre and the ending tough to buy.  So on the primary criterion I don't think this book is as &#34;fab&#34; as the critics. A secondary criterion I use relates to how well the book is written. On this score, this is a terrific read. If you are looking for something to jumpstart your reading habit--and don't mind reading about lunatics--then I highly recommend it.  Also some fast reads have too many unlikely twists and turns.  The events here are abnormal and the ending frighteningly so if you consider it plausible.  Still, the story does not include events like subway trains about to run down people who slip on a banana peel and lurch onto the tracks only to be saved by a man in a wheelchair who just happens to be holding a lasso and used to work in the rodeo.  In that sense, the story follows.So, on balance, my recommendation(a) You should read the book if you like to read(b) You should not read the book.(c) You will enjoy having read the book.answer is a and c.
This book had something I rarely find anymore. Honest to god, &#34;Are you kidding me, this is incredible!&#34; Moments.Great book
The juxtaposition of the two stories grabbed and held my interest throughout the book.  Once I was done, I passed it along to my wife and she thoroughly enjoyed it as well.
This book was less than steler for me as it took too long to begin understanding which direction the book was taking.  After several boring chapters, the book did begin to pick up.  It is a mystery novel that has many turns and twists.
I could not put this book down. I loved that the author did not hold back. It has great twists and turns and kept me in suspense until the very end! It is a story about love and the lengths we will go to for it. A husband comes home to find his wife missing and it just gets better and better from there.  I would recommend this to young adults and older because of the mature content, but a very gripping, exciting novel that is well worth the read.
A book club selection I wish I'd skipped, based entirely on the story line. It was well written and did hold my attention - kind of like the car chase on TV that you don't want to watch, but can't make yourself turn off. I found myself alternating my sympathy between both characters, depending on whose POV the story was being told. In the end, I just felt chumped and sucked into sympathizing with such sick people. As I said it was well written, but I really want to feel some sense of hope when I finish a book. This book left me dark.
Kept me guessing right until the end - impossible to put down! Wickedly perverse and engaging -  would definitely recommend
Interesting novel about really unlikeable people. Good plot but there wasn't much to like about the characters. We read it for a book group and had a long discussion about marriage and who people really are.
Well written, full of plot line twists. A real page turner and I could not put it down. Some people did not like the ending but I thought it was right. I highly recommend it!
Good book, thanks! I have to write at least 12 words, so here they are. Not quite, but this should do it.
Powerful and brilliantly written. Not all in the book club loved it, although most did. All agreed it was worthy as a book club book. Lots of discussion.
This was my first reading of Flynn. It is a style with great promise. I am sure I will enjoy more stories by this author.  Gone girl was slow in parts but in others it was fast moving.  One question that was left hanging is "why no one in the plot thought of trying to figure out if she was in fact a prisoner the entire time she was "GONE"?." Perhaps this left room for a follow up. I really felt the husband was trapped in a situation that he did not deserve at the end. At the same time, he should have had taken preventive methods and had the sperm destoried once he knew his marriage was crumbling. Did the "GONE GIRL" get away with a perfect CRIME?
This is not Bohjalian's best. I have enjoyed many of his novels, but this one, not so much. However, this one is not so formulaic as some of his novels, and that's good. I did enjoy the Gatsby connection.
Good who done it. Kept me guessing. I wished for a different ending though. I would recommend it for any adult.
Cliffhanger! Held my interest! Surprising ending! Even though I read Gone Girl several months ago, I am still playing parts of it over in my head.
Certainly had my attention from beginning to end. What an intricate plot. The author has a fascinating mind to create such complicated &#34;clues&#34;. Couldn't say much more without being a Spoiler. Still can't make up my mind if I liked the ending!!!
Gillian Flynn has written a page-turner!  A few years ago I read "Evil Genes' by Barbara Oakley.  This book discusses the neurobiology of personality disorders. Gillian Flynn provides an absorbing and thought provoking story of how a person with an undiagnosed personality disorder spins her web of deceit and evil.  Chilling!
This is an entertaining novel with a very clever plot structure. The conflicting story lines of the two principal characters makes for a wonderful juxtaposition. I'm impressed and look forward to reading Fynn's other two novels.
If an author can't think of a way to conclude a book, they shouldn't start it.  Despite the nastiness of most the characters in this book, I found myself interested, pulled along by the plot.  But if a plot comes dead end into a brick wall, it's hard to respond in any way except perhaps with profanity.  If the author plans a Part 2, that should be made evident, so that you can decide whether you want to devote the time to characters as despicable as these.
Great book  hard to put down  keeps your interest page after page  have purchased another of her books since finishing this one
I liked it a lot.  Interesting developments.  Great character development.  Some reviewers did not like the ending but I thought it was strong.
This book has been recommended to me by many individuals and there has been a bit of hype.  I did not really know what to expect but once I picked it up it was quite a read. I could not put it down as this Grisham style suspense moved from point of view of the "gone girl" in Amy and her beau Nick Dunne.This couple came together by fate as the spark that ignited the passion flame and as often the case the flames wane to a flicker.  Then Amy disappears leaving behind some violent clues of her disappearance.  Nick the dotting husband is placed in this swirl of scandal as the media scrutinizes this fairy tale episode.An attention grabbing story that will take you on quite a spin of a story, Gone Girl goes beyond he said/ she said into a heck of an adventure.
This was undoubtedly the most hyped book of 2012.  So I knew that sooner or later I would succumb to its lure. My one sentence reaction: It definitely deserves all the hype.The book starts out, appearing to me, like a fictionalized version of that real life California case.  You know the one with that guy named Peterson who killed his pregnant wife.  At least that is how it was playing out to me.  But Gillian Flynn had more surprises and twists to deal out in her novel.  Was it a bit over the top at times, you bet, but it was definitely a can't-put-it-down read.  It is scary to think that there are people in this world like Scot Peterson but Gillian Flynn gives us some ideas about how a psychopath operates as she lays out the story of the marriage of Nick and Amy Dunne.  I highly recommend this one to all mystery, suspense and thriller lovers.
Flynn has created the perfect profile of an antisocial character: bright, charming, and remorseless. In psychological terms, antisocial does not refer to someone who hates parties. It means the same thing as sociopath and psychopath--someone who manipulates or harms others for his or her gain or pleasure. Flynn has depicted these characteristics brilliantly. Speaking of manipulation, Flynn's novel is crafted so well that the readier follows her on a roller coaster ride of plots twists, turns and blind alleys that keep one guessing and turning pages right to the end. pen-and-inkblot.com
What an amazing book! I could not put it down. I look forward to reading more of Ms. Flynn's novels in the near future.
It's not difficult to glean the end, only it takes too long to get there. This book is full of fillers, and it gets tiresome, after her disappearance it goes OK for a few chapters, then it drags on.
Although the first half of the book was stronger than the second half, I found this book to be well-written and well-plotted. It was the kind of story that, as new information was revealed, I wanted to go back and revisit earlier chapters to appreciate where the seeds had been quietly sown. I did find myself a couple of steps ahead of the central character in understanding what was going on and in solving the treasure-hunt clues and in figuring out exactly what had happened. But, this didn't interfere with my enjoyment of this engrossing thriller. It sent me off to find Flynn's previous novels.
Great book. Twisted and creepy! I couldn't put it down. Every step a new twist, I can't wait to read another from Gillian Flynn
This is the first negative review that I have written because I usually like most books.  Though I wanted to like this book because it had a bizillion positive reviews, I could not get past the offensive language.  I thought I could, but I just could not.
I like books with at least one redeeming character, but everyone in this book was awful!  There wasn't a single good event that happened in the book after this toxic couple romantically met.  It reminded me of movie, "War of the Roses" where the couple had no limit to what they'd do to hurt each other.  I can't imagine the author being a well-adjusted happy person.  Who come up with this stuff?
Loved it.  Not to crazy about the ending but I can't comment too much so as to not give it away.  This one kept me guessing which is hard to do.
This book was interesting because of the layers of discovery the reader encounters.  This feature made the book a real page turner!
First novel from Gillian Flynn that I have read.  I must say it held my interest, lots of twists and turns, but was not real happy with the ending.  Maybe a sequel is in the works.
I look forward to seeing this in the movies! I enjoyed the book with it's interesting twists and turns!  Good read!
The author had me from the beginning.  I had no idea if I liked the main characters or hated them throughout the book.  Gillian Flynn definitely had me on the edge of my seat throughout, and cleverly through an amazing (you'll get that reference if you read it) twist right in the middle.  While most books leave the major surprise for the end, Gillian managed to throw it in the middle AMAZINGLY.  I have to say that while I was not happy and confused by the ending, I think the author did a brilliant job of keeping the reader engaged.  I definitely recommend this book.
As the mixed reviews indicate, this book is not for everyone, but I really loved it.  I'm normally put off by books that are full of unlikeable, self absorbed characters, but I guess it was the thriller aspect of this one that had me hooked, as I couldn't wait to find out what awful thing we were going to learn about Nick or Amy next.  Usually with a book I really love I don't want it to end, and I walk away hoping for a sequel.  This one needed to end when it did, although I agree that the ending itself could have been stronger, and I can't imagine a sequel dealing with what happens next!
You think you know what is going to happen but it is not exactly what you think.Crazy how it turns out.  Leaves you guessing.
I wasn't as impressed with this story as everyone else seemed to be. I thought it was supposed to be about marriage, but for me it was just a story about a crazy person. It was okay, but that's about it.
I checked out the audio version at my library and after listening to 75% of the book I was sure it would be one of my new favorites.  But today I finally came to the end and can't even begin to describe my disappointment.  I won't spoil it for anyone, so I won't go into detail... but one of the previous reviews said it felt like the author just didn't know how to end it.  I agree!!  The book has fabulous plot twists and turns... I was so impressed with the writing (and the narrators in the audiobook do a GREAT job!!) but the ending just cancelled out how my enjoyment.  My initial impression was that the book was of the same caliber as "Presumed Innocent" but then it suddenly became "Rosemary's Baby". From great suspense novel almost to science fiction!  Very disappointed!  I think "Sharp Objects" by the same author was a much better book.
The beginning of this story takes a while to develop, but once you are hooked it digs its claws in and won't let go until you are done! The writer does an excellent job of providing some very thought provoking themes and tying in wonderful elements of suspense, leaving few (if any) pieces unturned. You find yourself trying to decide who to dislike more between characters, which adds an interesting dynamic in how you read and the ultimate conclusions that you make.I think I approached this book as a mystery and in that aspect I was slightly disappointed; HOWEVER (!), I was rewarded with the other psychological aspects involved that were in many ways more rewarding than a typical mystery - where you marvel at the sheer ingenuity (or luck) of the detectives solving a case and try to best them at their game. In this story you marvel at the people plotting the case and are in awe of the sheer magnitude of the planning and inconceivable craziness of it all.The first half may take a while to get into because the forward teases you that things are not as they seem, so you find yourself waiting and flipping pages until these things become apparent and solid. Right when I thought I had figured it all out and a logical conclusion, the plot took an entirely different direction - one that took it to another level and kept the pages turning.&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;SPOILER ALERT>>>>>My main beef (SPOILER TO FOLLOW!!!) was the deviation in characterization of Amy in the second half of the book. She sticks to her sociopath personality to the "T" until her new companions in the middle of no-where figure out how to steal her survivor cash stash. Even though she is "Dead Amy" - she is still ultimately the cunning Amy that stages the whole affair and continues to think every aspect out to the end of the book. You think she could really be conned and not see two low-lives plotting to take her cash?? No way!! I fully expected her to seek her ultimate revenge (as she did with multiple people in her life), but was disappointed as it seemed this mischaracterization was not to plunge further in to the depths of her psychosis but merely a device by the writer to take the story back to the center, where it ultimately had to end.I titled this review and rated as I did because I enjoyed where the story took me and even though it may have made me feel a little "yucky" at the end I can appreciate the writing (even though a little over-written at times) and the general story. Did it have the happy ending I desire in a book? No. But the point was that there was no way to a happy ending because of the toxic relationship two people had created. In a way, did either of them deserve a happy ending? That is the real question.
If so many people truly hate the book, why the movie?  Smart marketing strategy, I guess.  Get the masses to comment on the book...who cares if they hate it.  If we get enough attention, Hollywood-who care's nothing for quality- will see, and viola, we got ourselves a movie!  By the way, I thought the book would be something very different.
I still can't decide how I feel about this book but regardless, I couldn't put it down!  It was amazingly well written, funny, intelligent, and, without a doubt, messed up.  I went back and fourth hating each character until the very end!  I definitely recommend this book!
It took me half way thru the book before it caught my interest. Then, it really took off and got good.
what a fabulous book. Loved it, one of my favorites ever. Very clever conciet, and actually terrifying! But at the same time, a good, but cynical look at relationships- how they start, and where they end.  The book is obviously showing extremes, but basic reality of relationships is there. A very young person has alot of illusions, but an oldster, here, can say that alot of the illusions have gone by the way side. Great book on all levels.
It has been quite a while since I read it, but I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Flynn proved she could manipulate my emotions and challenge my own biases.  It's quite a mind game.  You will walk away doubting your own opinions.  A fast and fascinating read.
In reading Gone Girl, by Gillian Flynn, I was struck by several things. This book began clearly, as a whodunit, and ended as a descent into madness, for virtually all of the characters. It was uneven for this reason and didn't appear to ever get into a smooth rhythm. It was also a book of pure hate, not the least of which is a long series of characters (not all of them men) who are both obvious and subtle misogynists.The two main characters, Nick and Amy, married five years, are about to celebrate their fifth anniversary when Amy disappears. It seems, for this first part of the book, that Nick may have had something to do with it.However, at about 1/3 of the way through, we begin to see who Amy really is, and who Nick really is as well. These two are the most self-aggrandizing, vitriolic, hate-spewing people on the planet. Amy is ridiculous. Nobody, including her child-psychologist parents, seems to have any idea that she displays clear signs of sociopathy. People seem to "hurt themselves" around her all the time, but they just want to be her or be loved by her, or so Amy says, and her parents buy it every time. They are the few characters who aren't painted as hating women, but they certainly seem to care less for their child than the books they write about her life and make a living from.Aside from this, both Amy and Nick seem to think all women are either smart, but nasty bitches or just flat-out dumb. There was some clear indication that the author, a Midwesterner, seems to find the stereotype about New Yorkers thinking Midwesterners are dumb rubes to be true.I didn't care much for this story. It was too frustrating to read about innocent characters getting framed or hurt over and over, and the ending was absurd.I did think the concept was interesting, but the execution was unpleasant and not at all fun to read. I would not recommend this book.
Divided into three parts, the first is enthralling. The second limped. The third fell. Midway through the second the unreliability of the narrator and characters was hard to ignore. There is absolutely no one to like in this novel. In this dysfunctional way, I made it into the third section, but I soon lost interest in it. My eyes crossed not in fatigue but in total disinterest. I read to finish.You will like the wildly complicated noose Amy strings for her Nick, the Nick who dreams of killing her, and later decides to stay for his unborn son. Doesn't he know how many pure happily married people resolve gaps in their marriage for the sake of the baby but cripple the kid and guarantee him years of analyses? Oh well, the sequel, I suppose.
I found the book refreshingly different from others in the genre. A great read. The plot is fast moving and unexpected.
Gillian Flynn's "Gone Girl" is the story of thirty-four Nick Dunne and his thirty-eight year old wife, Amy Elliott.  When Nick's parents become ill, Nick and Amy move from New York to Nick's birthplace in Missouri, where they rent a house.  North Carthage is a bleak "miniature ghost town" on the banks of the Mississippi River and Amy loathes it.  Nick's asking Amy to come with him to Missouri, it turns out, is tantamount to throwing a lit match into a pile of tinder doused with gasoline.Nick and Amy have been married for five years.  Amy's sizeable trust fund (courtesy of her parents' successful books about a perfect female named "Amazing Amy" who has grown from "a precocious moppet of six" to "a thirty-year-old bride to be") has shrunk.  Although Nick and Amy once had incredible chemistry, they now bring out the worst in one another.  Their crumbling marriage takes a weird turn when, on the day of their fifth anniversary, Amy vanishes.  The police find blood, signs of a struggle, and other evidence that points to a violent intruder hurting Amy and then abducting her.  As time goes on, other clues implicate Nick who, the authorities suspect, may have murdered his spouse in a fit of rage.The author has a field day playing with our minds.  Flynn alternates points of view in chapters that Nick and Amy each narrate.  Since their stories conflict, the question remains:  Who is telling the truth?  Is Nick a sadistic husband who grew tired of his wife and decided to get rid of her?  Is Amy a dutiful helpmate whom Nick does not appreciate and no longer loves?  Or is she a manipulative harpy?  We are kept guessing and wondering as the plot becomes increasingly unpredictable.  The imaginative descriptive writing and sharply-honed, sardonic dialogue keep us involved throughout this 415-page book.Flynn skillfully explores the warped minds of narcissistic and devious individuals.  Nick is far from blameless, but Amy may not be the deferential and tolerant woman that she describes in her diary.  Initially, we do not know what to think about Nick and Amy's dysfunctional relationship.  As the narrative progresses, answers begin to emerge, and Flynn throws in multiple twists, causing us to question all of our previous assumptions.  "Gone Girl" has a varied and lively cast that includes Nick's blunt sister, several predatory females, passive-aggressive and smothering parents, clueless detectives, and rapacious reporters. Nick and Amy know each other too well, the better to attack where it hurts the most.  "Gone Girl" is a psychological and witty thriller about a hate-filled pair who make the Macbeths look like Ozzie and Harriet.
This book has so many twists and turns you cant put it down but have to just to catch your breath, its sick and twisted and intriguing!
Great mystery, that I could not put down. Lots of twists and turns. This is Gillian Flynn's best book as far as I'm concerned.
Although there was not a loveable character in this whole book, the suspense made it impossible to tear myself away from the story.  I did not like the ending, but I will not go as far as some readers and say I felt cheated.  The author ended it the way she thought best and that is her prerogative.  It was a great story and I would recommend it.
This story has as many twists and turns as  Lombard Street  in San Francisco.Nick and Amy Dunn were the golden couple;  the couple everyone wanted to know, but after losing both of their jobs in New York the marriage started to wane.  Nick finds out that his mother dies which prompts them to move to Missouri to run the family bar.  To Nick's surprise Amy disappears and the investigation uncovers all kinds of secrets that point to Nick as the abductor and killer.Written from Nick and Amy's points of view this is a sociopathic tale revealed right before your eyes.  This is an incredible read and your emotions will be ripped apart and thrown in your face.  A must read for those who like a disturbing mystery.
Loved it.  I highly recommend it.  Ridiculous that you h ave to  write a review.  Kindle is not user friendly.
Took forever to get sucked in, then couldn't put it down... and then the ending sucked. I loved the twisting, turning plot... and just when you thought resolution was coming, boom! Another curve ball. I think that's why the ending frustrated me so badly... zero resolution.
This one will grip you and not let you go.  What you think might be a re-write of the Scott Peterson story will turn out to be something altogether different.
Gillian Flynn is a fabulous story teller. I love all of her books, but this was a masterpiece. The story flipping back and forth between the two main characters, and then it hits you! BAM! I was so shocked! But it wasn't the twist that was the best part. She makes these character so vivid, so extremely intriguing. I want more Ms. Flynn!!
I loved the story especially the twist! I just don't like that the characters are so unlikable. Neither of them can redeem themselves and at the end of the book I can say I wasn't rooting for either of them. Hated how the book ended. I wanted to throw my kindle at a wall but overall I really loved the story. Can't wait for the movie!!!
I wanted a &#34;good read&#34; and this book had so many good reviews that I decided to buy it. I also found out it was going to be a movie so I wanted to read the book before the movie came out. I thought the beginning was slow but then heard from a friend, &#34;it get's better&#34;. She was right. Around the middle of the book, I couldn't put it down and was looking forward to it every night before I went to bed. Then yesterday I finished it and I was extremely disappointed. The author needed to &#34;catch the killer&#34;. She needed to cleverly find a hole in her story...not an obvious hole...an interesting, &#34;HA!&#34; hole that made you happy with how it ended. I do hate a book with a terrible ending:( I am, however, now looking forward to the movie as I think it will make for a good one, but hopefully they change the ending a bit.
Hated the way it ended, but that is what the author wanted!  Ms Flynn sucked me into the story and then spit me out!
Gone Girl is a contemporary thriller novel by American writer Gillian Flynn. Not only is the plot suspenseful, but the style of writing that has been called &#34;unreliable narration&#34; really brings it home! It's not wonder to me that this book has been a bestseller for so long... enjoy!
I have no idea why this execrable novel has garnered such great reviews. There must be more logrolling in publishing than in any other industry.Everyone knows the plot: Amy Elliott Dunne, who was immortalized by her writer parents in a series of children's books, one day goes missing.  Her husband, Nick, almost immediately falls under suspicion as being involved in her disappearance. Search parties are organized, the cops question Nick, clues indicating his guilt appear, Nick goes on talk shows, he is tried in the press, reporters camp outside his house and harass him, a diary of Amy's is found indicating he physically and verbally abused her. Etc. Etc. Etc. All this is related by Amy and Nick in alternating chapters.But guess what! Surprise, surprise--Amy hasn't really been abducted! She cleverly staged her disappearance by faking the crime scene and leaving clues--as well as a fake diary--the cops would find that would implicate Nick. (We know how clever she is because she reminds us ad nauseum throughout her part of the narrative.) Why did she do this? Well, it turns out she's a sociopath. A beautiful, albeit quite looney woman who is trapped in an unhappy marriage to a philandering cad of a husband.Sound interesting? It's not! It's boring! The characters are dull, one-dimensional, and completely unlikeable. You'd think a raving lunatic would spark a bit of interest--but Amy does not. Everyone she knows is beneath her contempt: Her chic New York friends, the salt-of-the-earth midwest types she meets when her husband forces her to relocate to Missouri prior to her "disappearance." Her parents. Everyone. No one escapes a snarky remark. This gets old quickly. And the cops who interview Nick are just cardboard cutouts of real cops--as if the author watched one episode of Law and Order to get a feel for how the police would investigate a crime.And then there's Nick. The only thing he can do is fall victim to Amy's evil machinations, meanwhile complaining what a harridan he's married to.Then, of course, there's the amateurish plot development. Example: After Amy frames Nick and disappears, she goes into hiding at an obscure camp with log cabins in the middle of nowhere. And then what happens to this clever woman who managed to frame her husband for her disappearance and faked her death by attending to every last detail she thought would help to cement his arrest? She allows a couple of two-bit hillbillies to steal her hoard of cash she managed to save up! Amy constantly reminds the reader how smart and clever she is, and how stupid is everyone else. So how does she allow this to happen?Amy then enlists the help of a high school beau (he also turns out to be a nut, by the way) who's always been infatuated with her. But to what end? To get back to Nick, whom she now decides has become the husband worthy of her. (She catches him mooning about her on various talk shows).Why did I keep reading? Well, despite the many flaws in the novel, I did want to find out what happened. I really was hoping for a killer ending--no pun intended. Yet another disappointment. The book just ends. Pointlessly. There's no AHA! moment, no one gets her comeuppance, there's no clever plot twist that made this whole ordeal worthwhile. Nothing. And I mean nothing!Gone Girl is a bad novel. It is not a thriller or a whodunit. It's an overlong dissection of a marriage between two uninteresting people, one of whom happens to be a sociopath--but a boring one. There is nothing to recommend about it. It is a complete waste of time and paper. I'm annoyed that I spent time reading it, and I'm annoyed at its publication. I am sure other, worthy books remain unpublished because this one managed to make it onto the shelves.Don't waste your time.
A page turner, with scenarios and personal insights that anyone can relate to. And, just a very good diversionary read.
I picked this book  because of a newspaper article about the enormous amount paid by Reese Witherspoon and company for the screen rights.  It makes a slow start and then gets going to the point that I didn't want to put it down.  Gillian Flynn creates the most diabolical woman since "Fatal Attraction" and the most amoral man since - - well, you name one.  All I can add is the two of them deserve each other.  I had the plot figured early on, but certainly not the ending. - - Ed Weber
"Gone Girl," by Gillian Flynn (Crown 2012), is simply the best book I've read this year. Flynn is a relatively new author, having published only three novels so far. Her first, "Sharp Objects" came out in 2007, and "Dark Places" came out three years later. "Gone Girl" was published in June of this year, and has risen meteorically as an Amazon bestseller. What makes this novel so worth reading is what makes all great novels worth reading: an engaging story told with superb writing."Gone Girl" is a story about marriage in the extreme, and like so many far-out tales of fictional relationships, it serves to illuminate the constituents of real marriage in real life: what is expected, what is owed, and what will be taken if not given. "Gone Girl" is Hemingway writing "War of the Roses." It's a funny, intriguing, and revealing story about those aspects of a dysfunctional marriage that remind us the worst damages often come from the hands of those we trust the most. Gillian Flynn holds nothing back.There are two main characters, Nick and Amy. Amy, the famous inspiration behind the Amazing Amy series of children's books co-authored by her parents, goes missing and is presumed dead. An investigation is launched by the police and the FBI (and the reader, of course) to find the kidnapper/killer. Naturally, the husband is always suspect number one. What ensues is a game of cat and mouse that will have you saying OMG! with each new chapter and each new twist. I wish I could go on, but I can't describe the story any further without spoiling it for you. So, I will leave it to you to read the book for the rest of it. Nevertheless, the second half of this book's greatness is the writing.When it comes to the writing, Flynn is a master at using the English language to convey her clever insights. This is the hallmark of an expert writer, and Flynn is the definitive expert. Her sense of pacing, tension, suspense, transitions, and diction are on par with some of the greatest writers I've ever read. I honestly believe we'll see a lifelong career from this author as she goes on to write books that become top movies and one day earn her a Pulitzer Prize. In fact when I chose to review "Gone Girl," I chose it over the 2011 Pulitzer Prize winning author, Jennifer Eagan, simply because the writing of Gillian Flynn was more captivating than what I found in "A Visit From the Goon Squad."I highly encourage anyone looking for a great mystery thriller to grab a copy of "Gone Girl." I can easily stake my reputation on the assertion that you'll not be disappointed with the work of this American author. Now is the time to start following her. Gillian Flynn is one of the best.Way to go, girl!--Edward GordonThe Novel Report
This was my first Gillian Flynn read and it was thoroughly enjoyable. I did find the ending a bit weak but I find the same with most all the novels I read (75+ a year). Please give Gone Girl a try, I think you will enjoy it!
It's rare (for me at least) to read a film noir book but this book was so reminiscent of old suspense movies; Dial M for Murder and Double Indemnity kept floating through my mind. Things are rarely as they seem in life and never has that cliche been more apt in a story. I've read Gillian Flynn's previous two books, I became thoroughly engrossed mainly because her characters are so real, they lie, they have ugly sides, they aren't especially nice people. I find that I can't stop reading on because while I'm busy trying to decide whose side I'm on, who deserves the comeuppance... the characters are evolving like people tend do. Gillian Flynn does not give us a protagonist and an antagonist, she gives us masterful stories and riveting reads.Now I'm back to where I was last week before I read Gone Girl; I can't wait for the next Gillian Flynn book.
Very interesting KEPT me on the edge of my seat the whole time. I swear they are both a little crazy but she's the worst. I think she pushed him to be crazy always watching his back. But it was still great can't wait to see the movie.
This is the first book by Flynn that I've read, and it will be the last. I did like the technique of having each chapter alternate between him and her. But what a disgusting pair-- especially her! And what was Flynn thinking with that ending? Simply UNthinkable! Made me sick...
I was hooked on this book after the first few pages. I never thought it would end the way it did.
The plot was very clever and the writing good.But, I did not find the 2 main characters at all appealing --weird people in an overly clever plot
Written so well.This book is highly relatable, in my opinion. It's written in a capitative way that makes you beg for more, and you also find yourself falling for the characters through their personal little quirks, humor and humanity.I completely see this book becoming one of the best movies of the century, and am extremely thrilled that they chose to actually make a movie about it.Highly recommended to anyone who likes a good movie, but really feels they should be doing some more reading.
Gripping stuff, tightly written, hard to put down.  Falls apart a bit in the final act, which I found to be too far-fetched.  Not enough, however, to spoil a really solid effort with well-developed characters and brisk pacing.
Well, I finally read Gone Girl. I think I might have been the last person on the planet to read it. Most of my reading buddies had. And so many other books' advertising and reviews claimed to be "Like Gone Girl".  I loved it! My kind of mystery/thriller. I love how Flynn told the story---through Nick's real-time thoughts, and Amy's diary and then real-time thoughts. I also thought it was brilliantly conceived and planned...just like Amy's plan.  As I did when reading The Time Traveler's Wife, I kept trying to find a flaw in Amy's plan/story that would trip her up, but wasn't successful.  Hurray and congratulations to Gillian Flynn for writing such a thoroughly good read, and for the success it's brought her.
This is one of those books you should read so that you'll know what everyone is talking about at parties, not because it is the greatest novel ever written or even close to it.  The first third of the novel is a fairly slow build and then the first plot twist happens.  This makes for a great middle section.  The end, which I hated, is still suprising and I give points for that even if I didn't like the suprise.  The strangest thing is that you will HATE almost every character in this book but it is still a fairly entertaining read.  In short, I liked it but will never re-read it.
My first book by this author. I didn't take to the story at all. I didn't like the chosen background. I could not recommend this book as a worthwhile read to anyone. I could not wait to delete it from my Kindle.There were some commendable qualities in the characters - the understandable anxiety of parents for the ill health of a child, the loyalty and trust of an old friend.The topic itself was a turn off for me. Such interference with nature seemed gross.I would not like to read another Gillian Flynn book.
This is not the brilliant masterpiece some of the reviewers are claiming, nor is it the failure some of the other readers claim either. It's confusing, isn't it? You know what they say about opinions and...that part of a person's anatomy. Anyhoo,yes, I will agree that it is slow in the beginning and yes, the ending does make you go...wtf. But this book is still an enjoyable reading experience in my humble opinion. I enjoyed it and had fun reading it and cared enough to keep reading. Maybe you will to. If not, you won't have to mortgage your house. I happen to like this writer and I think the way a book is written is as important as the story. If you agree with this you will enjoy the book.
Gillian Flynn's books (Dark Place,Sharp Objects) keep getting better. She writes psychological thrillers. Her newest, "Gone Girl," reflects the same intensity of pacing as her earlier novels with the added substance of strong insight into the often polar forces within marriage.When we meet Amy and Nick in the first chapter, Amy is missing. It's their 5th anniversary, and anniversaries have always been a big deal to Amy. As the investigation opens into her disappearance, we get the lovely back story of their courtship, the odd little twists and turns of fate that have brought them together despite a disparate past. New York City is just the right place for this attraction of opposites where Amy writes quizzes for women's magazines and Nick writes for a small paper. Then, WHOMP! Both jobs are chopped, Nick's mom is ill, and he persuades Amy to try life in Carthage, Missouri. Bad move.The chapters unfold in Nick's voice, Amy's diary voice, and eventually, Amy's own. As anyone who watches crime shows knows, Nick will be suspect #1. He doesn't have much to save him. He lies to the police; he has a number of secrets. His twin, Margo (Go), knows him best, and even she begins to wonder. But there are a plethora of suspects from Amy's past that the police are just sitting around ignoring: the weirdo homeless people from the closed-down mall; the stalker roommate, the alleged rapist, the disconsolate high school boyfriend. Since none of these seem to interest the police, Nick doesn't stand a chance against the mounting evidence. The rustic police department seems content to let him hang himself.To prevent spoilers, I will not go into the other aspects of the investigation or Amy's diary, parents, or marriage mythology. Suffice it to say that Flynn presents us with a marriage that was not made in heaven with two flawed main characters that we love at first and watch with a kind of knowing dismay in their unraveling.A book to keep you up late into the night and then to make you wonder, how well do we know that spouse of ours? What secrets does any marriage hold?
This writer's style is not to my liking.  I find this book boring.  Each page I am waiting for it to &#34;pick up&#34;, but it never does.  You can almost guess what is happening.  I am sure that it will be liked by many, it is just not my particular cup of tea.  If our book club had not selected it as this month's read, I would not have bought it myself.  However, you should read a chapter at the book store before buying.  You might find it to your taste.
One of the nastiest pieces of literature i have ever seen  disgusting and immoral.made me feel sick to my stomach
This book grabbed me from the first pages. It was an easy read and it will invoke many emotions. The author did a great job weaving the story together. I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to read a good book. This book needs to be a movie!
Gillian Flynn is so good at writing suspense stories that leave you wandering what next. I never did guess the ending of this book and it was so twisted! Love it!
Loved it, hated him, loved her ended up hating her in the end.  Kept me on the edge of my seat.  You just never know.
I will add my voice with those who loved the gorgeous writing in this book, the roller-coaster ride that seemed to never end, and the construction of characters that we would publically spurn but privately recognize in ourselves more often than we'd like to admit.SPOILERS:Re: the ending: some of the more contrived elements are forgiveable when you recognize that the author had to construct a hellish future for these two narcissistic, co-dependant and psychologically immature people.  Yes, Nick is merely a bad person, while Amy is a true psychopath, but you have to ask yourself if Nick could actually go out and lead a "normal" life.  As he says near the end of the novel, a "regular' person would bore him and any future partner's brain would pale in comparison to Amy's.How about a sequel, Ms. Flynn?
Gone Girl is one of the first books in a long time that has kept me reading long past my bedtime--one more chapter, just one more chapter--to see who had done what to whom next. I don't want to be a plot spoiler, but suffice it to say that there are mean, mean people in this book, but it's one of the few times that I haven't minded not having someone to like. Unique, compelling, and one of the most entertaining suspense books I've read in quite awhile. A definite thumbs up!
I loved the amazing twists and turns in this novel.  I didn't figure out the mystery before the end and that makes it all the better.  Some people complained about the language.  I didn't even notice it because it was so well in character.
Very disturbing book  strange characters who i actually wanted to read about .But what was the redeeming message?  I could not take anything home
And I thought I had issues!!!  Very dark and scary but couldn't wait to get to next page and next and  well u get it.
I figured it out in the middle. But very good tale. I enjoyed this book. It's a great read. Good plot
The story immediately gripped my imagination and I was hooked.  Like a great mystery story/murder mystery the author spins a dizzying web from page one.  A great read!
This book is a fast read, has can't put it down style, sophisticated plotting, and addicting language.  In addition, the F word appears probably 50 times in this book.  It says something about the author.  She must be a very angry person to write this book, to expose both genders' critical attitudes about their partner,and to present two such unlikeable characters. I am tossed between recommending this to friends and not mentioning a word about it because of the language and bitter feelings of both parties. The two characters seem to have no valid reason for their initial attraction to each other, sort of selfish narcissistic reasons. I notice most people are disappointed by the ending.  I guess I can see their point, but won't add a spoiler. Mostly, I was disappointed in the 2 main characters, husband and wife.  They deserve each other!
You think when you are missing and clues POINT to murder....end of story. But Gillian Flynn makes sure that this story has you twisted and turning and knowing that you do not have a clue what will happen next.
I was completely blown away with the ending.  Never underestimate the power of a woman scorned.  The author has quite an imagination
I found it hard to put down.  Moves and counter moves by the protagonists kept me guessing - and riveted. The end was a big surprise.  The story was revealed by a very different technique than any book I have read before.  I would definitely recommend it.
While I found the first half very intriguing, I was disappointed in the way the couple came together in the end.  Granted there was a child involved, but even that part was horrific.  For these two to bring a child into the world, only guarantees a disaster for the poor soul.  Wish Gone Girl and stayed gone.
This book was recommended by a friend who said it is the kind of book you can't put down. She was right. Kept my interest with all the twists and turns.
Utopian literature is often used to jolt us out of complacency, taking the premise that what YOU think is a perfect world might well be HELL ON EARTH to the person sitting next to you (or the person to whom you're married). And since there is no perfection on earth, we always view Utopian lit as fairy tale, fantasy, sci-fi, not real.  In Gone Girl, Gillian Flynn poses a question about the perfect marriage (What happens to the people in a marriage in which all the ideal ingredients are perfectly present?) and illustrates the answer with a clarity (and yes, reality) like you've never read before!!  Known for her psychological thrillers, Gillian Flynn takes the genre a step above that stereotype in Gone Girl.  What would a perfect marriage be like?  Like the marriage of Nick and Amy, two beautiful people who love each other madly, who know each other intimately, and who complete each other perfectly.  Without revealing the ending--they do!  The maddening thing about this novel is that you can't discuss it with anyone who hasn't read it--it would spoil the book for the un-read.  So, get your copy ASAP so you can discuss it with those friends who keep asking, "Have you read it yet?" My friends are certainly glad I've finished it.
I found this a novel that was difficult to put down. The multiple story lines and perspectives intertwined to present a story with several twists. It was an enjoyable read.
I had heard good things about it, but it's not very good, it was only by my sheer determination that I was able to finish it.First of all I don't like it when authors use a lot of cussing. I know there are plenty of people who talk that way, but I try not to spend much time around them, and I certainly don't want to read thousands of 4-letter words.If one of the main characters in the book, Nick is a journalist and made his living with words, he would have a pretty large vocabulary and most likely would speak more than 4-letter words. So I'm guessing that the author talks that way and assumes her readers do as well. Won't read her stuff again. Not worth it. Her characters were shallow and selfish. Ending not believable.
Gone Girl is quite a read, it had me entralled, couldn't wait to find out what Nick and Amy were going to do next.
During the first few chapters I wasn't sure I would read this book through. I kept getting annoyed at the anti-female comments especially made by female characters. I'm so glad I continued reading though because this book got a lot better as it went on. There were times I wanted to punch the characters in the face and other times I wanted to scream to them. This book was great at getting you and hooking you. I could not put it down. There are so many twists and turns. Most mysteries seem a little predictable to me, but this one kept me guessing what was coming next. Definitely a thriller. It will have you on the edge of your seat. (and wondering about the lives of your neighbors and the secrets people keep) The characters were well thought out and the plot absolutely believable. Which only adds to the suspense and terror. If you want a book that makes you think and keeps you guessing this is it.
This is the story of two people who barely know each other, then again do people really know each other? It is also the case of two people who possibly know each other well enough to become angered and bitter with each other's presence. At times, their circumstances has forced them to come at their wits ends with each other's presence and character. But are there real and significant psychologies worthy of worry for these characters? Is Amy an almost psychopath? A Sociopath? Can Nick really be a murderer?&#34;A seemingly perfectly married couple.&#34; What does that even mean? It turns out for Amy and Nick it meant they had both found their complimentary half. Both Amy and Nick are writers. They find in each other something absolutely stimulating and enthralling. Amy offers Nick excitement. Nick offers Amy... well, I'm not quite sure if Nick had anything to offer Amy except a sense of normalcy that Amy lacks in her fame infected world. And even so, to Amy that ends up as a suffocating, cage-like demise.The description you most often hear about Gillian Flynn's novels is dark and twisted. But I am more inclined to describe Gone Girl as psychological account of unexpected and riveting madness. What Gillian Flynn does best is to unravel her characters to their innermost psychopathy and then reassemble them in their absolutely humanity. The bittersweet effects of these developments lie within the cracks of imperfection that Nick and Amy carry deep within their disturbed souls.What I love most about this novel is its multiple perspective narratives. I believe that when you have one narrator with one perspective it is much easier to carry an opinion about what goes on in the novel throughout its entirety. When you're bombarded with multiple viewpoints, and all of which paint a larger, more intricate image of what actually goes on between two individuals, your opinion of what sums up the dynamic between Nick and Amy becomes absolutely more and more intricate and complex as the novel develops.The novels opens and continues to almost half way with the story and background of Nick's life. Some of Amy's life is dropped here and there. For the most part, though, it's Nick's character development that you most get attached to uncovering. Amy is the softer side of things, and Nick is the quite brute. He's an introvert and internalizes most of their life events. He looses his job and forces Amy to make a decision that causes her more psychological disturbia than pain. Ultimately, Nick becomes the foe of the novel and all your sympathy is directed towards Amy.You often hear about how novelists create a sympathy, and even empathy for their anti-heroes, one such clear example is Humbert Humbert from Lolita by Vladimir Nobokov. Gillian Flynn's genius lies in this exact place. Just when I had fully formulated a sympathetic inclination towards Amy, she turns Amy into the unexpected sociopath. I laughed several times from the shock of Flynn's creativity. It was humorously disturbing, to be sure.The lengths Amy will go to, to avenge herself from Nick and his actions upon her life is no longer riverting, but exciting. At times it is also redundant to the point that you just have to say &#34;alright, I get it, Amy!&#34; As a result, I lost a bit of momentum for Amy's character development. Until, Nick and Amy find their own ending, which will surprise you yet again.I found this book supremely psychological, refreshingly creative, intelligently intricate, and definitely human in so many ways. I am now a fan of Gillian Flynn.
Team Nick or Team Amy?A life story, bad marriage vs. good marriage,love for your spouse or hatred. Who are you? What am I? These are the lives of two people who prove life isn't dandy, every marriage isn't perfect. And last but never the least, you never truly know someone as much as you think you do."Life and lessons learned."Sad to say this,but there's no review out there that can do this novel justice. It's just downright jacked up, but so addicting all combined in one. Confusing isn't it? Not only can this author write,she'll leave your mind totally mind-boggled. What an imagination she has, the plot of the story,with twists at every few pages. It just made me wonder " is this for real?, is this really happening?," and my biggest question "There are really people out there with sick and twisted minds as these characters,aren't there?" Well hell, this story was a wake up call. Take your life in stride,and learn from your mistakes.Nick and Amy's, first two years of marriage started off as blissful,intriguing,and loving marriage. Till Amy decides she longer wants to pretend to be the "Cool Girl" she wants to act and be who she really is, along with having her husband understand her and love her anyways. Let me throw this in the air "She's a Sociopath!" but a smart woman at best. I'm not sure what I think of the Hero either. I swear for the first time in my reading history. I felt for both characters in the beginning,then I hated both characters. Now,my decision is undecided. This author got me good. Damn she's good! I loved what a wonderful job she did in writing this novel in two different point of views. Awesome!At this moment all I can say is "Well darn!"Nick doesn't like the miserable wife Amy has become,and all her "understandings" he wants his wife to feel again,make a few arguments here and there so they can kiss and make up. Instead he gets the complete opposite, fake smiles, fake caring,fake love all in all. So Nick takes a different route, and does the unthinkable, the unforgivable motto that goes on in every marriage. I won't spoil this part of the story. But boy! I'll bet he thinks twice the next time he decides to do anything wrong. And I'm sure he'll think of the future and start doing background checks on anyone that gets close to him.Nick gets framed for his wife Amy's disappearance. But the question is "Is he involved?,Is she even still alive?"Nick and Amy: "My Gosh ,Nick, why are you so wonderful to me?" he was supposed to say "You deserve it.I love you."But he said, " Because I feel sorry for you""Why?""Because every morning you have to wake up and be you."What a sad but twisted and wicked story. At this point, I want to scream how it ended. But I knew it had to end at some point. I'm stunned and in total shock, while sitting here trying to keep my profanities to a minimum,with a stomach tied in knots. I can't help but scrub my hands down my face and think "Did I just read what I just read? Or am I dreaming?"  What a sucker punching, gut wrenching story! Like I said above, there isn't many words to describe how I felt about the book. But know this much, the author has a strong skill for writing. It's downright amazing! I gotta admit, I looked up almost every other word in the dictionary on my kindle, but her writing is phenomenal and once I took the time to define the words, all the pieces fit together.This story will WOW you on so many different levels. You might look at life through a kaleidoscope. Everything is in different color pieces. There's never a right or wrong way to live. Neither is making mistakes ever right,we all have different opinions on right and wrong.I've come across this novel based on ratings,just scrolling through amazon and goodreads. The blurb didn't catch my attention as much as the star ratings. I'm glad I decided to take this novel for a test drive. I'm now a fan and on my way to add many books of Gillian Flynn to my shelves. I'm sure one day I'll need a fantastic story to pull me out from under my rock. And her novels will be the first I turn to.Once again WOW!!!!!
Really enjoyed reading this book. It kept it interesting from beginning to the end. I will be reading Gillian Flynn's other books Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
This has to be the most unusual and weird book I have read. The story as told by each - a husband & wife who are both crazy, manipulative, liars. By the end I had really hoped they would kill each other. Didn't happen, tho. I will say the author has a vivid imagination.
The good: this is a well-written, very clever, utterly absorbing read. I truly couldn't put it down, and was up until 2 a.m. reading, with my attention engrossed pretty much the whole time.The bad:  SPOILER ALERT....Really? is this the 1990s???? The "psycho bitch" trope should be safely dead by now. This was Fatal Attraction on steroids. I'm so goddamn tired of writers creating female characters like this.Plus, the plot holes were pretty enormous. The police were super-sharp at picking up little lies Nick told, but no one bothered to check Amy's story out??????? No one checked where Desi was on the day he supposedly kidnapped her? A gynecologist couldn't tell she'd never actually been pregnant? They couldn't tell her forearm wound was self-inflicted? And Nick STAYED IN THE HOUSE WITH HER after her return????? Blergh.
It's the morning of Nick and Amy Dunne's fifth wedding anniversary. Presents are wrapped and routine preparations are well under way. From an outsider's point of view, they have everything required for a 'happly ever after' storybook. They live in a beautiful home, have started a new business, and have been able to care for Nick's ailing parents. Everything appears to be as close to perfect as it can be until Nick's beautiful wife disappears. Where is Amy Dunne? And what, if anything, is Nick's role in her disappearance?"Love makes you want to be a better man. But maybe love, real love, also gives you permission to just be the man you are." - Nick Dunne**Mild Spoiler Alert**Gone Girl starts off slow, gains tons of momentum, and then ends horribly. With that said, I didn't hate the book. In fact, I finished a good portion of it in one day.I appreciated the fact that Gillian Flynn was able to keep me guessing and on the edge of my seat. As I read, my opinion of both characters constantly cycled between extremes. Both Nick and Amy both have secrets that are explosive, and the web of lies that they leave behind make it difficult to determine who is truly the victim. Once the plot begins to gain momentum, it's very difficult to put the book down. It's in the end, in my opinion, that Flynn drops the ball and the brilliance ends. She spends a lot of time winding you up for a dramatic and just ending, and then leaves you hanging. When I read the last line of the book, I actually turned the page expecting to read another chapter. I found the acknowledgements instead. I actually re-read the last page, thinking that I must have missed something important. In my opinion, the ending ruins an otherwise brilliantly written book.If you enjoy stories that lack closure, then you will likely appreciate this read. In some ways, Gone Girl reminds me of Defending Jacob. The premises are conceptually similar, but the endings, in my opinion, set them apart. Defending Jacob offered some form of closure while also leaving the rest up for interpretation. Gone Girl, on the other hand, leaves nothing up for interpretation and offers no form of closure whatsoever. You walk away from this novel with the knowledge that what happened to this family will happen again. It's not over and what remains is a ticking time-bomb."My gosh, Nick, why are you so wonderful to me?' He was supposed to say: You deserve it. I love you.But he said,'Because I feel sorry for you.' 'Why?' 'Because every morning you have to wake up and be you."
Machiavelic. The story starts very well, holds you for a while but my interest kind of faded through the end.
This psychological study of a sociopath and her husband is an interesting read. It is also an interesting study in marriage, and human relationships as well. This book certainly held my interest!
Boring 1st half and ending was surprising awul.  I wish I had not wasted money, when there are so manybetter choices.
Like other readers I raved to friends about how great this book was. Twists and turns everywhere. You love a character then you hate them. The ending totally ruined it for me because it just stopped-maybe there will be a sequel. I would have given this book 5 stars until the end. I am anxious read another Flynn novel though because I did like her writing. Read it but be prepared for an ending you may not like-it just stopped.
I read a review of this book and ordered it for my iPad.  It is a great read and it took some time to figure out the culprit.
This book is great for the beach or a long plane ride.  Is it really very believable?  No, but it's so much fun you want to go along for the ride.  I enjoyed it much more than I expected to.  If you liked this type of story I recommend "Sister," another thriller than is more thoughtful and better written.
Great twists and turns well written,could not put it down. Can't. Wait to read more from Gillian . This was quit a ride!
I realize this is just a novel written from the author's imagination but it was a little too unrealistic for me.  I really didn't believe the characters.
This is the tale of a marriage gone badly.  Told from diary entries of the husband and the wife, we get a glimpse of just how differently two people can perceive the same set of facts. The diary entries of the wife - who goes missing early in the book - are particularly compelling.  Don't let anyone tell you any more about this book and go read it.  It's suspenseful, interesting, and in the end, you realize that you understand a little more about evil.
I couldn't stop myself from reading the book in two days, it literally drags  you in with the back and forth between the husband and his missing wife. I am actually pissed that I read that book and spent money on it, that ending had NOTHING to do with the entire book, the author could have done a better job. Not worth the money and am extremely annoyed I paid for it.
Having thoroughly enjoyed this book of Gillian Flynn's I had to go back and read her 2 other works!  This, by far, was her best!
This was an amazing twisting, crazy book.  I absolutely loved reading it.  A real page turner!!!  But i don't think there should be a word total requirement for these surveys.
Usually, books that I really like are character-driven.  Many of my reviews focus on development of character.  Well, this book is all about characters.  I can't say too much more without giving the plot away, but if you are like me and automatically side with the protagonist in a book, then this is for you.  I really could have done without the majority of the second part of the book - or maybe even all of it.  Still, I really enjoyed this and found myself staying up too late to read more.
I lost a good deal of sleep while in the process of reading this book. It's one of those stories you just can't put down. Unpredictable, raw, deceitful and really fun! I can't think of anything to say specifically about this book without being a spoiler, so I'll just say READ IT! I loved it.
This was a page turner for me. I loved reading from both perspectives, via the diary. The author did a great job of laying the groundwork for the rest of the book. I am a Psychology major so I enjoyed the analysis of their marriage and childhood experiences. I can understand why other readers were disappointed in the ending, but as I read it, I didn't feel that way. The rest of the book was so intriguing to me that I thought it was a great book. I read it on vacation and found it to be very entertaining. I could have done without so much foul language and crude descriptions, but I tried to overlook it considering how interesting the story was. I would recommend it and am looking forward to the movie!
Like most people on this site I read a ton. Because of this, I am pretty quick to spot where a plot is going, because it is so difficult to come up with a plot that goes somewhere new. In Gone Girl, Gillian Flynn has created a plot that kept me off balance in a very exciting way. Just when I though I knew where this was going, what the motivations of the characters were or what they planned to do, Flynn decided to choose a different path.In addition to an exciting and unique plot, Flynn also offers some of the smartest writing that I have seen anywhere about relationships between men and women. One character's discussion on pages 222-225 about the Cool Girl is perfectly describes a suspicion that I have had for ages, but was unable to articulate as perfectly as Flynn.I would highly recommend this book to anyone who loves mysteries or who wants to explore the complicated, and sometimes painful, ways in which relationships can function.
Gone Girl is a terrific, terrific read, a suspense thriller with great characters and a satisfying (if disturbing) story.  Gillian Flynn is the real deal and deserves all the hype she has gotten.  Nick and Amy Dunne, from the outside and at the outset, seem to have the perfect marriage, but then it all comes crumbling apart, just at the time the US economy starts crumbling.  Interestingly, both characters have gotten their wealth through the publishing industry, but that wealth fades, and the beautiful couple must move from New York City to Missouri.  One morning, Amy disappears under seemingly violent circumstances.  Nick becomes a suspect in her disappearance.  The novel is narrated from two vantage points:  Nick in the present and Amy in the past, leading to present day.  Both may or may not be unreliable narrators, but the story they tell is fiendishly compelling.  Gone Girl is a real page turner; quite a terrific read.  Enjoy!
About 3/4 of my way through the book I struggled to continue. There were no likable characters and I didn't see it getting any better- it didn't.
Probably the best of the sudden flood of sick marriage books. I find them terribly intriguing. I'm single! 2 more words.
Gone Girl:A NovelThe story is very good and would have been good without the &#34;F&#34; word used throughout.  This author, Flynn, short changed his/her self thinking the story would not sell without it.  Yes, I am an OLD Foggie and was offended by it.  Decency seems to have flown out the window.  It's a shame this word has become command place.  That doesn't make it right.  Nuff said.  I won't buy anymore of that author.
Gone Girl is clever, maybe too clever.The point of view characters are smart &#8211; smart ironic, rather than emotionally intelligent. The plot contains lots of twists and turns, most of which I foresaw, apart from those toward the end. By then the narrative had stretched so far into incredulity as it struggled to conform to the demands of the plot &#8211; rather than illuminating the lives of the characters &#8211; I was no longer engaged emotionally. But I was curious to see how it would wind up.It&#8217;s compelling to read and I&#8217;m on record as saying I enjoy this kind of book. In its favour, it has a lot to say about gender politics, the impact of popular culture on the way we think of ourselves and others, the roles we play and how we seek to manage others&#8217; perceptions of us. But its self-conscious irony is wearing: like the characters, Flynn appears to enjoy being self-consciously derivative.Mostly, the book reminds me more of playing a game than reading. Fun in a &#8220;can&#8217;t take my eyes off the accident as we pass&#8221; kind of way. It doesn&#8217;t make me want to rush out and read more of Flynn&#8217;s work, but when I&#8217;m in the mood for another suspense or thriller I just may.
This book had me hooked from the very beginning.  It is rare that I can read a book and not &#34;see&#34; the ending but this page turner fooled me.  The plot was phenomenal and the twists kept coming.  You are constantly in a state of &#34;did that just happen&#34;.  Can't wait to see the movie and hope it does the book justice!
Story of 2 amoral people , who manage to garner publicity and entrap some good people in their messed up lives.
I gave it 5 stars because it kept me totally captivated.  I could hardly wait to get to the end. Wonderful twists-- great story. BUT the end is a disappointment.  The only way I'd be able to recommend this book would be if I knew there would be a sequel. PLEASE PLEASE a sequel
I liked this book, but felt that it missed out on being a great book.  There were large sections of the book that just don't add anything to the storyline.  Then as the book is reaching the end it feels like the book needs a few extra chapters to round out the story.  The book ends very quickly which is quite disappointing and dissatisfying.The characters are quite horrible people that you just can't manage to like, but you do end up hoping that they get what is coming to them.
Thank heavens the story as told by the unbelievably inept husband -(really, a writer out of work who does nothing but play video games, who promises his wife he'll take her back to NYC, then buys into a bar???? give me a break) - that part ends before I abandoned the read. Then the sociopathic wife takes over, and it's pretty fascinating from that point, but still a few too many weirdos. Criminals one thing, the mentally deranged quite another.  But then, I'm a psychiatrist's child, so I may be biased.
I literally couldn't put it down.  Just pulls you in and twists and turns you around.  Can't recommend it enough!
Terrific psychological thriller. Enjoyed the cat and mouse game with the reader in the first half of the book. Not so keen on the ending though.
This was a most interesting novel as you were at first not sure from whose perspective it was coming from.  As the reader it becomes captivating as you are introduced to the mystery surrounding the characters.  Certainly a page turner.
If you're having trouble focusing elsewhere in your life and need a de-stresser, this book is all entertainment. Super clever who-done-it. Couldn't put it down!
I enjoyed this book and liked the way it was written.  The sympathy for the characters switches very cleverly.It took me a while to get into it, then it was a good read.
I could not get into this book. So, I have put back on my &#34;to read&#34; shelf...this book has great reviews...I do plan to read..sometimes, when we want to read we must have the right book. My granddaughter loved the book. So, I must read.
One of the best books I've read in a long time.  Can't wait for the movies to come out.  Highly recommend
I was ready to quit this book several times as I found it very confusing in the beginning.  I was encouraged to finish it and I'm so glad I did.  What an ending.
This book is well written and suspenseful.  I am smack dab in the middle of the book and I cannot wait to finish it!
This is one of those books that you end up throwing frozen dinners in the microwave for your family because you just HAVE to read the next page. At least that's how 90% of it is. I was completely smitten with fascination on the entire idea. It's almost a "Why didn't I think of this?" moment. There are two parts. The first half in Nick's POV and the second in Amy's. Essentially their marriage has fizzled to nothing more than a toleration for each other. There are excerpts of Amy's diary that are in the first portion of Nick's POV that lead you to believe the obvious. You see, Nick has come home to find the house in shambles and Amy's nowhere to be found. Of course, the first suspect is always the spouse. Next, unfolds pure genius writing. I was dumbfounded and excited at the same time. Giddy even...And then there's the last 10%. The worst part is that it was the LAST 10%. The story is so gripping and explodes with climax. But the ending was horrible.. HORRIBLE!! I don't regret reading it because, let's face it, most books don't end the right way. But the ending.. GAH! So, so disappointing.I'm definitely not suggesting that it's not worth the read. On the contrary, I hope for the complete opposite. Creative writing to this capacity comes around so rarely it would be a shame to let this one pass by.
This is awful. I bought it a year ago and I could not get through their annoying wining and b****ing. AND you have a pretty good idea of what is going to happen at the end. Such a fake stupid book.
I enjoyed reading this book.  It really is one of those books you don't want to put down.  I didn't particularly care for the ending though.  I felt like the book started really good and then ended flat.
First of all, I *love* books that let you know Things Are Not As They Seem. So, without, knowing much about this book except that it was supposed to be a page-turner, I was prepared to like it. (Linwood Barclay's Never Look Away was that kind of book.) That creeping feeling that there's something just around the corner or a plot twist that will make you go back and question what you thought at first? Count me in. And that's what this book was, for about the first half.But, for me, this was like taking a ride in a car along a dark road and then lurching wildly through the woods, then plowing into the water, then being attacked by bears, and finally being abducted by aliens. I'm fine with stetching plots, but this became ridiculous and I lost interest long before the end. The writing was very good but the massive plot holes and unbelievable characters just did me in.I think what I would have wanted was the level of the first part continued: the is she or isn't he? -- but the book quickly lost that level of subtlety and veered off into crazy land. I'm fine with dysfunction (well, in literature), fine with characters who have major flaws, but I need *something* to hold together.
So intense I could hardly put it down .. and when things started to 'go down' it made me hold my breath!!!!
Was totally confused by this book.  Made it to the end and still didn't get it. Gone girl was a waste of time.
If you enjoy violence in your mysteries and are aroused by messed-up, scheming characters and bumbling, lead-by-the-nose cops, here ya go! On the other hand, if psychological themes interest you and you want to step up in quality and insight, read the play "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" (or see the movie with Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor).  You'll see where the author lifted her theme. That play has nothing to do with Virginia Woolf, however, except that one character is a college English teacher, and the title plays on "the big bad wolf."Semi-spoiler: Unlike this book, "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" does wrap up in a satisfying way. Seems like many novels these days leave room open for a sequel or a screenplay, but that failure to commit rips off the reader at the end. I think Amy is going to kill Nick and get away with it, but that's merely what I got out of the final scenes, and other interpretations could be supported. (Still, Nick doesn't have enough tricks up his sleeve to battle Amy and win.)
written in first person by 2 people alternating was nothing short of total involvement. i absolutely loved thisbook and will definitely read more by this author. parts of it made me laugh out loud and i was sorry it ended.
Another suspenseful page turning book. Throughout this book you are not sure who to root for or who to align yourself with because Flynn develops characters that are less than heroic. In fact, at one point or another each character makes you want to slap them silly for being so selfish, greedy, and a little insane, but these flaws make up who the characters are and the motives behind each and every action that they do.
Gillian Flynn is a gifted writer. She can prose together in a clever way that makes you stop and think, 'wow, that was pretty good.' but this story itself was contrived to say the least. I found that I didn't care about either of the main characters. They were both selfish horrible people, so the plot died right there for me.Very disppointed. Sad terrible ending.
The writing in the beginning of this book sparkled for me. The back stories of Mizzoura Nick and NYC slick Amy were fun and believable. Amy's disappearance drove the narrative from the first word. Where the story fell apart was with Amy's "fake diary" which felt like a cheap trick. Amy meant to fool the police with it, but it fooled me too. And the book's ending is a bummer.This book would have been stronger if told only from Nick's POV. I read and enjoyed another book by this author, but also found its ending disappointing because as in GIRL GONE, an innocent person is punished.
Gone Girl was a hard book to read when you have had mental illness in your family.  It demonstrates the dilemma that mentally ill people (and their families) live with ... that they must recognize their problem and voluntarily submit themselves for treatment,
One doesn't inhale this book simply because it is easy to read, although it is very easy to read.  It is intriguing, captivating, and solid to the end.  And the end.....oh my!
Just like everyone else, I found this novel one of the most compelling books I've read in several years.  The premise is unusual and the author carries it off without a hitch -- twists and turns throughout.  Loved it.
Gone Girl is a page turner with many twists and turns; much like the Da Vinci Code.It is written from the points of view of the main characters, alternating; with the diary of the main character as part of the plot. The structure of the plot makes this book unique,
I cannot recall reading a book which dissappointed me more.  There is absolutely nothing to recommend it.  Much of the book was predictable; the rest was inconceivable.  I don't understand the good reviews but I certainly second the bad ones.
Maybe too many married couples hate each other and i just do not understand why they continue to torment one another but I could not get into this book.  All i could think of was how awful twenty four hours a day for years to come with hate in your hearts was too much.
The book arrived in excellent condition well ahead of the expected date. Unfortunately, I don't care too much for the book as I don't really like first person books that jump from one person to another. I'll give it another try when all the books I bought are read.
I thoroughly enjoy Ms. Flynn's writing style. So far, I have read this, and Dark Places, both of which were great! Her books are not for everyone though, which is why some people tend to give the lower ratings. Can't wait to see what Fincher's version on the big screen.
I am reading this book for the second time. It is worth it, both for the writing and for the story. It is like a large onion; it has layer upon layer that gradually takes the reader deep into the complicated minds and actions of Nick and Amy Dunne. And what minds they have. One of them is certifiable, and both of them could benefit from serious psychotherapy. They are both beautiful and intelligent, and their ability to pretend to be normal, perfect people is razor sharp. This personality split lives and thrives in their psyches. And if you don&#8217;t recognize the perfection of one of them, watch out.The chapters alternate in first person between Nick and Amy. Nick&#8217;s very first chapter has ominous overtones, while Amy&#8217;s diary excerpts show sweetness and light at first, and then disappointment creeps in. Then we see her trying hard to reach Nick, and failing. And, finally, we see fear.Suddenly she disappears, and there is evidence of a struggle. The little town of North Carthage, Missouri, rallies around, and a massive search get underway. The ladies of a certain age shower Nick with casseroles and attention. The police (not country bumpkins) investigate carefully and uncover some very interesting pieces of evidence.The careful reader will probably guess what is going on fairly early, but it is fascinating to watch the whiplash-inducing twists of plot. It is also interesting to see the ways in which intelligent people can be stupid.At the core of the onion is this key question: What went wrong in this marriage made in heaven? From this all else follows. Can you find the answer?Reviewed by Elouise Ryder
I really enjoyed reading this book especially how the author explores relationships and how much people change after getting married. She gets it!  About halfway through the book I thought the author was male (did not pay much attention) because of the thought process but when I checked and saw it was a female author, I was impressed by how she nailed some of the &#34;male behaviors and thinking.&#34; Good read!
Delivery was fast and nicely wrapped for shipping. The condition of the book was excellent. I was very pleased with this order.
I'm not sure why this book has received so much hype.  It starts out well enough, but about midway through, it began to drag and I was anticipating the end.  Amazon keeps making recommendations to me based on books that are similar, but I'm afraid they have fallen on deaf ears.  Maybe I'm just outside the demographic for this book.
It's hard for me to review this book without revealing too much. Suffice it to say, it is an engaging, realistic, semi-snatched-from-the-headlines look at a mystery and a marriage. I was drawn in from the start, and the twists the story takes are not purely for shock value. I love stories where you get to see inside the heads of multiple characters, see their different perspectives on the same events. This is a great book and a fast read. It's conclusion was both sad and oddly satisfying. I will definitely be reading more from Gillian Flynn!
Wow...I didn't see the 50% mark coming at all.  What a head #$%&!!!These people are truly sick.  Book is well written and interesting, but I could have used the mind space this book occupied for SO MANY other productive things.
I loved everything about this book ... the writing style, the plot, two different voices. Had all intentions of giving five stars and couldn't wait to finish it so I could review it until I got to the end.... What the heck?  What an anti-climatic, idiotic ending!  I kept thinking the husband was going to outsmart his wife like a mental chess game but it fizzled to a great disappointment. Nevertheless I enjoyed reading this book.  Very entertaining but don't expect an &#34;amazing&#34; ending.
I can't recall another author actually scaring me but she did that.  Extremely disturbing book and well-written.  Kept my attention to the end.
This book was a more subtle version of &#34;War of the Roses&#34; and certainly keeps you guessing about what is going to happen.  Sort of disappointing in the end that there was no swinging from the chandeliers but still a very good book.  As the others say, sexual language and foul language are not a huge part of the book, but still there.
the end leaves a little to be desired...but she says she won't be writing a sequel so I guess it will stand as is.
Everything you've heard about this book being GREAT is true!
Finally a book that lives up to the hype! Twisted and engaging does not really cover it. Highly recommend to anyone really wanting to dive in an get lost in a mystery.
I have read Gillian Flynns other novels and was less impressed with this one! It was well written and provocative, but the characters were boring and very predictable! I was hoping I was missing something and read each chapter waiting for the unpredictable plot twist that didn't come. It was especially disappointing after all the good press and reviews it received. If you haven't I suggest you read her others, particularly Dark Places.
I don't think I have ever read a more depressing novel, and I use the term "horrible" to describe the content more than the writing itself.  Ms. Flynn, the author, clearly has talent when it comes to telling a story; I only wish she wouldn't waste her time (and ours -- I was stuck with this thing by my book club) by writing, with seeming relish, about the stuff of nightmares and utter hopelessness: she gives over 400 pages of careful attention to a sociopathic monster (a pathological, soulless liar determined to subdue and crush anyone who doesn't live up to her expectations or gets in her way), and the rest of the characters were not any more likable.  Reading the other reviews reveals to me that loads of people think this was a fabulous book, and it certainly had its twists and turns -- it was like observing a train wreck in slow motion, you were compelled to watch until the end -- but there was nothing good in it, only darkness, cruelty, nastiness and defeat. To the potential buyer/reader - caveat emptor. I am throwing this one away.
I thought Flynn's characterization of her two primary characters was great. I hated both of them with fervor not felt since Umbridge. Nick is a buffoon and Amy is a manipulative, terrible human being.Part 1 sucked me in and I fretted about Amy's fate and whether I was reading a false narrative on Nick's part. Part 2 shocked me and got my blood boiling throughout as I wanted to reach through and throttle all the characters. But Part 3 left me thinking "What? I don't get it. THAT's the ending??"It was as though Flynn lost steam. As though she became exhausted and wrote a copout ending. Because of this, I was very disappointed in how it ended, and am giving the book 3 stars overall.
I enjoy books that I can get something out of.  Not necessarily information, but books that can help me think more deeply about myself, my choices, my relationships, books that help me to count my blessings and that help to see my faults and shortcomings.  This book did none of the above; it was a complete waste of my time.  A lot of reviewers have complained about the end, but honestly, the entire book is ridiculously unrealistic and there is basically no protagonist in the whole story (but maybe the author wanted it that way.)  As a Midwesterner, I found the author's perception of the Midwest and Midwesterners to be negative and borderline offensive.  I actually quit reading it about half-way through, but decided to finish it because it was for a book club night that I really wanted to attend.  I cannot believe this has been on the Bestseller list. I'm ready to see copy and copy of it in my local Goodwill store very soon.
This was a great book!  It really had me captured throughout the beginning and middle!  But I felt like the ending really killed the story.  I would have given it 5 stars if the ending was better...
I just didn't think this book was as well-written or intense as people said.  I've definitely read other thrillers that were more literary and more engaging...Book of Illusions by Paul Auster is my example of an amazing thriller.
'm sure you've all at least heard about Gone Girl in passing since it's been on the top ten list for some time, but you may not know what it's about. It's about young love from two different perspectives, the &#34;boy and the girl&#34; in the relationship. It begins like most love stories: boy meets girl, girl likes boy, they both try to impress eachother and end up in love. The intriguing part is how Amy (the &#34;girl&#34;) explains aspects of relationships/courtships.Amy's parents are both psychologists who have had a hard time conceiving a child. When Amy is born they proceed to treat her almost like a case study. Her parents write a series of children's books, starring Amazing Amy, chronicling each stage of her life. Perhaps this is the reason she looks at life so clinically.Nick is a small town writer from Carthage, Missouri with big dreams. His mother has done most everything for him, and his father is (at the least) grumpy. He is very close to his twin sister, Margo. Nick moves to New York to pursue his writing career and that's where he meets Amy.The story gets interesting when Amy describes her attempts at being &#34;the cool girl&#34;. You know, the girl all guys like...the one who drinks beer, watches sports, doesn't care if her boyfriend cancels plans with her to go out with the guys, seems interested in golf, and basically swoons over anything a man does with sincere acceptance. Amy says all girls act that way because it's what guys WANT a girl to be like, not what they really ARE like. So problems arise after you enter a relationship, let down your guard, and become who you really are. (See here's the crazy part-I agree with a lot of her thinking. We all want people to like us. We may say things that aren't exactly true, &#34;Sure, I love watching football on Monday nights.&#34; And it's kind of sad that we can't just be ourselves from the very beginning and cut to the chase.)Nick and Amy's relationship is wonderful until they both lose their jobs and move to Missouri to help Margo take care of their aging parents. Nick is almost giddy at the thought of moving home but Amy is a big city girl and has a hard time adjusting.Amy always puts together an elaborate treasure hunt on their anniversary and this year is no different. But the day of their fifth anniversary Amy goes missing under suspicious circumstances. Neighbors overheard the couple fighting the night before and the police hone in on Nick, because let's face it, a wife goes missing...the police look at the husband as the first suspect. So Nick is left to convince his  hometown that he had nothing to do with Amy's disappearance. True, they were having problems...and he had decided he was going to leave her (he was going to tell her at dinner that night), but would he kill her?This book kept me guessing until the last page. If Gillian Flynn were to write another book, there is certainly an open ending ....and I'd be willing to read it and see where the story leads.
This book started a little slow, but when it took off, it really took off!! It is full of twists & turn in every chapter. I love books like this that go back & forth from past to present in each chapter.
Loved, loved, loved the writing in this cleverly composed book. Raised on cop shows and a diet of Disney I wanted my fairy tale ending, with the villain getting their just desserts. It mostly delivered, despite my initial shock I found I reflected about life in general and found it fairly true to. Despite being denied access to my expectations I totally rate this novel for its smart character construction, the journey the reader goes on with the 'protagonist'( have to use the term loosely, there are no heroes here). Enjoy!
This book was always popping up as a recommended read when I would finish another.  I passed it up for the longest time.  But then I saw so many reviews, I had to see what all the fuss was about.  I paid more than I like...I know that sounds cheap :/  Anyway,  it was ok, I wasn't "blown away" by the writing.  I don't get why they say it's such an amazing book.  And lastly but most important, I hated the ending.  It was ridiculous.  And for all the cool readers who say "people just don't get it", I'm telling you...I get it.  And I still don't like it.
This thrilling book, with plenty of twists and surprises will leave you dumbstruck. Gillian Flynn carefully and tastefully creates an intricate plot that is forever changing. Once you finally start to believe something is true, everything is turned upside down again. This book reached the New York Times Bestseller list, becoming Flynn's most successful book.Amy and Nick Dunne move back to Nick's hometown in Missouri after he lost his job in New York City. Both were writers for a living and finding work was tough in Missouri. The married couple gets by on Amy's trust fund from a book that was modeled after her Amazing Amy. Amy's psychologist's parents who created a basically perfect child wrote amazing Amy. This can be traced to the conflict of the story as Amy tries to live up to her double-life foe. She realizes that she is not perfect and it sends her over the edge. "It's a very difficult era in which to be a person, just a real, actual person, instead of a collection of personality traits selected from an endless Automat of characters." Amy battled her whole life a personality disorder due to this book. Slowly, Nick finds this out that Amy is not the girl he once meet, and maybe he isn't the man he used to be. Through their pressured marriage, Amy goes missing on their five-year anniversary and all the signs lead to Nick being the killer. Nick has to finish his annual anniversary scavenger hunt to figure out the clues of what exactly happened to his wife. The plot remains riveting until the end where you are left to make your own conclusions.Gone Girl is a very thought-provoking novel that keeps you guessing till the very end. It carries many heavy themes but it's a tasteful twist on murder mysteries. I highly recommend the book. It is a very good selection for bookclub as well. Don't like the length scare you, it's a quick read.
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?! I just. . . there are no words.Gone Girl  is a book that even my non-reader friends managed to find time to pick up and enjoy. I really have no excuse for why I waited so long to pick up this book. Just about everyone I know who read it thought it was a damn good read and guess what? They were all right. I actually regret waiting for so long to finally read Gone Girl.I can&#8217;t tell you too much about Gone Girl without ruing some aspect of it because it is so full of twists and turns. There is one major twist that I saw coming from the first chapter. Usually that would really bug me, but because of the way Gone Girl was written I was pleased to discover that even though I knew what was coming I still thoroughly enjoyed what I was reading.I need to take a moment to talk about the characters because these characters blew me away. My favorite books are those with characters that are so well-developed that I feel as if I know them and can kind of predict what they will say or do. The characters in Gone Girl? They aren&#8217;t like that at all. I had no clue what they would do next and I continuously found myself shocked by their thoughts and actions.Does this mean that the characters weren&#8217;t very well developed? I know some may disagree with me, but I really think Gillian Flynn knows her characters very well. She includes such minute details. I may not have been able to predict what they would say or do but I do think that Flynn developed her characters and did a great job providing the reader with what they needed to know. I certainly hope people like this don&#8217;t actually exist.Should you read Gone Girl? There is some very foul language that I could see some have issue with but if you can get past that and you enjoy things like Dateline then I think you could really enjoy Gone Girl. I very rarely suffer from book hangovers but this book really did a number on me. I&#8217;m still thinking about and talking about it and every book I have picked up since seems to be so mundane in comparison.
This story is disturbing in the best, can't-put-it-down kind of way. Gillian Flynn's imagination takes the reader into dark and complicated territory with twist after twist to keep things interesting. Thrillers aren't usually my thing, but this contemporary take on the genre hooked me.
Gone Girl: A Novel -  - - - This book really held my interest.  It was a great summer read.
Gone Girl starts out as a mystery...seemingly perfect couple, married 5 years, beautiful wife disappears.  It's a wild ride from there, and it really keeps you guessing.  It ends up becoming a character study of truly psychotic behavior.The book makes you think about how much importance society places on appearances and how significant public opinion can be.I understand the negative reviews...some people need a hero that they can root for and that is almost impossible to do with these characters.BUT...the writing was exceptional.  It was though provoking and highly entertaining.  Completely warped - in a good way!  I have never read anything quite like this.  FANTASTIC!!!
When I first started this book, I actually found it boring. I wasn't sure what the hype was about. It seemed predictable.  However, it got really interesting half way through. I was not expecting the plot twist. The ending was just not believable but the book was very entertaining otherwise.
Very enjoyable to read. The story was captivating and kept you on your toes. Looking forward to reading other titles by this author.
I'm just going to come out and say it: Gone Girl pissed me off to no friggin' end.  That's the one feeling that remained consistent to me throughout the whole novel.  Sure the things that pissed me off were different each time I read a new chapter, but that feeling just did not go away while I was reading.  In fact, it's still lingering despite the fact that I have already finished reading the novel.  So just know that you might experience feelings that may vary from mild annoyance, to pissed off, to maybe, if you're particularly sensitive, out and out rage.  There's my disclaimer.First things first.  I was highly annoyed at Gone Girl for the first 200 pages.  It was just so ever-loving slow!  And since I've read both of Gillian Flynn's novels, I was already spoiled to the fast pace that those novels employ (or rather, not the agonizingly slow pace that Gone Girl was lingering in).  I was also spoiled to the fact that Gillian Flynn's previous novels all started off immediately creepy.  I found the beginning of Gone Girl...mundane (although that probably reflects more on my reading experience of reading tons of creepy/horror books as opposed to the novel).  So mundane that had this not been a Vine book, I would've stopped reading it.  But since I have read it, I think not finishing it would have been a mistake because it ended up being really insane.Gone Girl shocked me like you wouldn't believe.  I had expected the book to go one way (the mundane way) and it ended up going a completely creepy and off-kilter way (which I liked).  Yet, still I was annoyed, but this time because I was supposed to be.  There's just so much flip-flopping in this book (half of it is narrated by Nick; the other half by Amy) that you don't immediately know who, if anyone, to root for.  In fact, I spent most of the time while reading Gone Girl wanting to jump into the pages of the book and repeatedly shake every single character to saneness.  Again, this is deliberate and I wasn't so much annoyed at the book by then, but at the characters, but like I said, I think you're supposed to be.  There are no clear heroes in this book and that did make this book seem more human to me as opposed to the self-righteousness that can plague some books with a clear hero.Again, Gone Girl is INSANE.  One minute you start off thinking "God, I hate this person!" and then you think "No, scratch that I hate THIS person", until finally you realize you hate everyone in the friggin' book, but that's okay because they are all relatively hateable (I know not really a word, but there you have it).  And the situations the characters find themselves in are hateable (and there it is again)...and shocking...and brings new meaning to the word "twist".  Everything that happened (after those initial 200 pages) was so unexpected and not in that annoying "well we didn't see it coming because it made no type of sense" kind of way.  The things that happened here made sense, which brings up all sorts of questions like "If you find that THIS situation made sense, what does that say about YOUR state of mind?", which is all sorts of fun.So why the 3 stars?  Well, I just couldn't get over how long Gone Girl took to get going (for me as this is all a matter of opinion).  Sure, once it did get going, it never stopped, but I just wouldn't have given a book 200 pages to get going if it wasn't for review.  Also, I was left feeling very unsatisfied by the ending.  I expected an exploding, tremendous ending and what I got was an ending that was, now that I'm thinking about it, very reminiscent to the beginning 200 pages of Gone Girl: anti-climactic to the extreme.  I still recommend Gone Girl as I do feel the middle of the book (right up until the end) was worth it just for the "this is craaazy!" comment you will most likely say.  However, if you even semi-like this one, I'd recommend Gillian Flynn's two other books as I think they were better than this one.
The book was a page turner. I wasn't sure what was going to happen next. As the ending approached, it seemed what was inevitable, would happen, but instead I'm just left thinking, but not in a bad way. People stay together for crazy reasons.I really enjoyed Gillian Flynn's writing. Loved the pace, humor, and sarcasm.
First, the book was really slow to start.  Then, in the middle it was ok and picked up a little, not much but a little.  THEN, the ending was horrible.  I am kind of sorry that I actually wasted time on this.  This was the first book I read by this author.  I heard how great she is but I don't think I will be buying anymore of her books.
Although there were bits in this that I found distasteful and too graphic for my liking, I have to say the storyline was gripping and I had to keep reading (skimming the gratuitous bits) to see how it was &#34;done&#34;.  I don't want to spoil the story so I won't say any more but it would make a good film and really plausible plotting.
Overall I enjoyed this book, but honestly I wasn't really getting into it until about page 140 or so.  From there on I felt that I couldn't read fast enough and really enjoyed the story as it unfolded, with plenty of twists and turns!  I was anxiously waiting to see what equally creative ending the book held, but felt it sort of went flat and ended pretty abruptly.  True, this book is filled with psychological intrigue, but the way this ended felt far less creative than the rest of the book.  My book club is reading this book and I can't wait to hear what the rest of them think!
The main character in this novel is just plain crazy, deliberate and evil.. Hard to sympathize with her.  A little unbelievable in the ending as it seems the author just didn't know how to end the story so just reached for anything.
I love a story, be it a movie, novel or short story that reels me in.  I like to be introduced to the characters that i  don't have to like,just be interested in.  This novel delivers.  I was drawn in, wondered what was going on and what would happen.  I was not dissappointed.  It is a very original mystery and psycholigical drama with a twist.  That is all I am going to say.  I simply bought the book because it was a best seller that i knew very little about.  It was worth reading. I was throughly entertained, mystified and surprised.  I got what I love in a story.
Once I started this book I could not put it down.  It started a bit weird, but continued to take turns for the better.  There were many twists and turns and I was quite shocked how it ended.  Well worth the money.
great twist. kept me guessing! I've never swayed so much on my loyalty and belief in a character in a novel.
I really don't know what to say about this book... I hated it, then I loved it, then I hated it again. Very entertaining with all the twists and the "no F-ing way" moments, but I don't think this book is my type.
Somehow I hadn't heard all the craze about this book when it came out.  A friend just told me that she just finished it and that they are making a movie about it and that I had to read it before the movie came out.  So I did.  This story was so cleverly written and it was a real page turner for me!  The book was so good that I hate to give a bad review due to my lack of appreciation for the end.  But I have to be honest I really didn't like the end.  I still think that Gillian Flynn is an amazing writer and decided to read the rest of her books.  I'm not usually one to read dark books but now that I've discovered this author whom is very talented, I must continue to read!!!
Sick crazy whiskey tango foxtrot kinda book.  Really really great book. It was going in all kinds of directions. I will be buying other books from this writer. Really great story. I want to say more but would hate to give it away. Read the book.
This book was full of twist and turns and such an interesting read all  the way through. I read this with my book club and many of them did not like the ending. I however, found it quite fitting and true of real relationships. This is one of the best books I've read in a LONG time!
Very captivating! Right down to the last few pages. I would have  liked an alternate ending but still a good suspenseful read!
This is a very twisted novel that millions of readers adored. I am not one of those - I guess the twists did not suit my taste, really thought it would end differently. I recommend as a read, but for my personal preference, this was not my favorite of her books.
Poor Nick's wife disappears on their fifth wedding anniversary.  Not just around their fifth wedding anniversary but the actual real truly day of their fifth wedding anniversary.A struggle there are signs of.  Prime suspect is Nick.  Scared is Nick. Really truly Nick is scared.Psychological thriller this book is. Revelations unfold. Frightening it is of psychopathy. Savage it is in merciless dexterity of bad things to come and that have happened and that will happen.  Scary. Deep. Thinking it makes me.Favorite novel for me thus far this year.  Brilliant it is.Suggest it to you for reading this summer.  Like you will.I stopped tending my 272 acres of ocean front Nut Farm in Hawaii because I couldn't stop reading this book from page 1 to page 739.  All the time was hearing Rosanne Barr yelling around her 13 acre (also ocean front) Nut Farm. Her nuts smell and taste bad.  She rides around on her ATV yelling at her nuts to smell sweet and to taste sweet but her nuts rebel in every way. They are on strike. They can't take the yelling any longer. Poor nuts. Poor Rosanne Barr's nuts.Signed,Erica PhillipsonNut Farmer - Hawaii - 272 Acres of Ocean Front Nut Farm
This book had the potential to be good.  However it ended the worst possible way.  There were so many ways it could've ended, I wonder why the author chose this one.
I read this book and I could not put it down! I kept hearing about it and wanted to see what all the hype was about. It is definitely a page turner and a good read. The only reason I gave it 4 Stars instead of 5 is because of the ending, I was really disappointed. Maybe she'll write a follow up book that can change the ending.
This book was extremely captivating. The reader does not know what has happened to the wife until the second half of the book.  The story is intense and holds your focus to the very end.  The movie is coming out later this year, but it cannot be as good as this mystery novel.
I wasn't sure I'd be into this book at first. My mom didn't care for it, and my tastes run alongside hers.At first it felt like hipster reading. The language was so clever you could feel it was in love with itself. But the story is mundane. Just a boy and a girl having marital problems.So why couldn't I stop reading it?I'm not sure where it got me. It must have been some time in Amy's diary entries where she's talking about dating in Manhattan, where she's dating Nick and talking about &#34;monkey husbands&#34;.  It sounded like a girl I could like, and a boy I could sympathize with.But all the women love having uber amounts of sex and speak vulgarly.  I know my experiences are limited, but I just don't know any women like that. I don't know any women who know women like that. Are they out there? Is there anyone like in this book? Everyone's acting like they do in Sex and the City but it's played for farce in there.Here's the other thing. I read that the author tried to make it ambiguous to the reader whether the man was actually the killer or not in the first half, as in all the other &#34;Lifetime movie/Sleeping with the Enemy&#34; scenarios. I never got that part, so I never figured Nick was the killer/kidnapper. I read part one completely straight -- a man trying to keep his name clear when the world's out to get him.At a certain point it started reminding me of those shows like &#34;Revenge&#34; and &#34;Damages&#34; and &#34;Pretty Little Liars&#34; that are all intrigue and scandal but never reach a resolution. They're soap operas. This one has a resolution, but it also has the amazing coincidences of the characters needing to be who they are (good thing her stalker, who always denied being a stalker, was really her stalker, and happened to be rich and have an isolated place on the lake) and do what they do when needed.Not to mention what does she hope to gain from all this rigmarole when it gets to the end? I know she's a sociopath, so she might not be thinking straight. But she seems to have a plan for everything else.  She ends up exactly where she started which was where she planned to be so.... yay? Gone Girl? Yeah, more like gone in the head.
I bought it because it was very popular and on the best seller list for a long time, however I must say, it wasn't until towards the end that it grabbed me as a reader and then the end was weak and disappointing.
What could I add that the, I don't know, 2000 other reviewers have not already said?Probably nothing new.But here is my 2 cents.I have read many, many suspense type books. And there is none that come to mind as being this twisted and surprising. A Perfect Crime by Peter Abrahams comes close (I highly recommend this book if you are looking for a new read).Gillian Flynn has got you completely convince of one thing, and then the next thing you know, you are turned on your head. That is a good suspense book, is it not?This continues for the entire book and with almost every character. Fascinatingly enough, you end up considering each person as the "bad guy". Yes, even the simpering parents.The ending,as most others wrote, was surprising and a little shocking. But for me - completely believable and right in line.This was a "I can't put it down" type of book. Which in my opinion makes it a great read.
I haven't read a book like this ever. Twisting, turning, frightening , it's hard to find words.Read it. Now
I really don't understand what all the hype was about. This book really was not that good and the characters are so unbelievable. Don't waste your time.
I found Gone Girl to be a great read. Very captivating although i was a little disappointed with the final twist in the book
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn kicks off with one of the most disturbing opening passages I've ever read, hands-down. Immediately, from the very first words, the reader gets the sense that this narrator is a little.... off. The innermost thoughts of Nick Dunne, a husband facing a life-shattering crisis on his five-year anniversary, are attention grabbing, to say the least. And immediately, from the first few sentences, this jarring and off-putting voice pushes the reader in a certain direction, creates expectations, draws assumptions.Nick's chapters are dove-tailed by excerpts from the diary of his wife, Amy. Beautiful heiress and literary household name, Amy seems close to perfect. As the story of her marriage to Nick unfolds in the past, alongside the investigation of her disappearance in the present, I was baffled again and again at how artfully Flynn unravels the mystery behind a truly crazy marriage. Every time I jumped to a conclusion as a reader, Flynn gleefully turned my expectations on their ear once again. My opinion of Nick and Amy shifted dramatically throughout the novel -- not once, but numerous times. And I loved every plot-twisty minute.Before I even finished this book, I had referred it to no fewer than five people. And I will continue to recommend it, because I've never quite read anything like it before. It's a head-shaking character study of a love story gone very, very wrong, written by a master - and I can't wait to read it again with fresh eyes.
This book had be hooked from beginning to end! I was actually sad because I finished the book and couldn't read it for the first time again!
The author did a wonderful job capturing me with the first few chapters. I felt some of the story was a little unbelievable and kinda crazy. The author had me until about the middle of the book and completely lost me at the end. I read this for a book club and it certainly worked well for that- lots to talk about! Interesting read for sure!
Don't read any more reviews. They are all positive for a reason. You will be spoiling this to-be-savored gem of a novel -- a thriller, page turner -- both complete understatements. Just buy it. Don't open it until you have about 6-7 hours to ignore your job/family/life. Impossible to put down. Who did it? Who did you root for?
A dear friend of mine sent me this book and I really thought it was going to be good.  It started out pretty good than got even better with Amy's story and then boom! It crashed downhill big time.I can honestly say I never liked or had any sympathy for any of the characters. Amy herself was beyond hateful. Nick was not quite as bad, but certainly had his flaws.It read as if the author did not know where to go with the story and just wrapped it all up in a cheap shot.The ending was a huge disappointment. Was this the Rosemary's Baby for the new millennium?
This was a great edge of your seat kind of read. It's one that you can't easily put down and walk away from.
convoluted, which is a good thing, I suppose, but I felt the characters were not believable, good for summer reading
Wow! I loved this book and it was a great summer read.  Fun and filled with tons of twists! I read the book while traveling and it was the perfect escape.
It's not hard to flip through this thriller quickly.  Nice twists and turns.  Looking forward to the big screen rendition.
This story is so cleverly written that to try summarize it would be to give away the outcome.  Suffice it to say that this book will keep you guessing from start to finish.  Just when you think you've figured out the answers, author Flynn will take things in yet another direction.  If you love a smart and extremely unpredictable mystery that is not the least bit formulaic, this one is definitely for you!!
I was anxious to read this book because of the many and varied reviews but I have to say that I was a bit disappointed.  I didn't like either main character and felt that the book had an unsatisfying ending.  I know some readers like to feel unsettled at the ending of a book - like to let the book settle in for a long time after they've finished it.  Not me.  I didn't like that the persons involved didn't get what was coming to them.  I wanted a bit of justice and vindication but in the end, I was reading about two narcissistic (sp?) characters who got away with too much violence and psychological manipulation.I like a clever twist but the ending didn't make sense to me.
I am so annoyed by this book, and I really cannot figure out why people liked it!The story is totally frustrating, I found myself thoroughly annoyed with the characters and the author, and in the end I was royally pissed off. I did not like anyone, and did not care what happened anymore. I had to force myself to finish it, and then found the ending even more frustrating.This book is really well written, and at first I was involved trying to figure out what happened. However, then I just could not stand the story. Talk about narcissistic personalities, and at the end of a novel I want something to have grown or change, and this one did not do anything. Just left me feeling trapped and dirty, as the main character did.
Enjoyed the book.  Could not put it down.  Found the writing and experience very well done.  Disliked the ending.  Would have rated it higher except for the ending.I will look forward to the authors next novel.
I read this book for my book club pick and did not like. There is nothing more to the book other than the disappearance story, which can get old and boring for an over four hundred page book, adding to that, none of the characters are likable. It was difficult for me to finish the book, I probably would not done if I would have chose it my self, and to make the book worst it does not even have an ending. I don't recommend this book.
Read it because it was selected by a my book club.  No one liked the story or the writing style.  It is dark and her attempt to write from the male point of view really missed the mark.
This was a most engaging read! I really enjoyed it! It kept me interested throughout. The plot was sort of crazy but mostly believable.
Slow and depressing start - almost gave up. But stick with it. Like a roller coaster ride, the beginning is always a bit of a snore
I found the writing style did not keep my interest, and the story line, well, I just could  not even finish this book. I think it is poorly written, and did not in any way hold my interest. Disappointing. I cannot recommend &#34;Gone Girl&#34; to anyone.
What a surprise this was for me! The perfect couple with the wife suddenly disappearing. You keep wondering when they will find the Body. A totally surprising end. I truly enjoyed  it , it was a page turner for me.
A very interesting book-i enjoyed it thoroughly. I would definitely refer it to my friends,and would like to read anything else that this author writes.
Ok, this is not a perfect book, but I don't care.  It was clever and smart.  I did indeed find it unputdownable, and for a summer read, that's all I need. But I don't want to trivialize the book, it was better than that.  The author showed some pretty psychologically astute thinking about childhood and marriage and the plot twists kept me going.  Realistic?  Of course not.  A great read?  You betcha.
It took until about halfway through to really get good.  IT GOT REALLY GOOD!  It was good right up until the end.  But the ending? Really? I kept going back and forth between pages thinking, 'I've missed something. Where is the rest? WTH?'  What a crappy end.  Could have been so much better.  No closure, not even close.  Glad I borrowed it from the library and didn't buy it.  I would not be happy.
This book was so fun to read. A great mystery. Right when I thought I had it figured out, it went another way. It kept me guessing the whole time. It was also a quick read.
Good suspense, foreshadowing, more twist and turns than I could count...a page turner, and well crafted. Kept me up at night!!
Gillian Flynn writes with surprises turning up in every chapter, keeping the reader guessing and intrigued.  In parts the reader must 'suspend his disbelief.' but all in all a great read.
What a page turner, did not want to put it down. Would recommend it to everyone, great book and very entertaining.
Gillian Flynn knows how to take you gently by the hand and then heave you over the precipice.  Often I thought I had this story figured out, only to have it twist and turn and leave me fooled right up to the very end.  "Gone Girl" will have you up all night reading until your eyes smart.  Have a bottle of Visine handy, you will need it.As in Ms. Flynn's previous two novels, the main characters in this one, husband and wife, Nick and Amy Dunne have secrets.  The story is told in real time from the viewpoint of Nick and through the diary of Amy.  I don't want to give away anything that happens beyond the first section of the book as this would spoil it for new readers, but be forewarned that when you've finished the book you might want to turn back to page one to start it all over again.
This book is a real page turner! I couldn't stop reading. There are so many twists and turns in this book you will feel like you're on a rollercoaster. I highly recommend this book to everyone, you will  never look at marriage the same!
I had heard many people say that this was a really good book and trusted their judgement.  However, I did not like it as it jumped back and forth too much and the story was pretty u;nbelievable.  I guessed what was going on before I was half way through and I prefer being surprised.
Flynn's highly acclaimed novel starts out great, takes a wicked twist in act two, and fizzles to a wan landing in act three.
Gone Girl is a well written novel about ugliness that teems beneath the surface in the most seemingly perfect people. This was a very good read. I didn't like it as much Dark Places, as the characters aren't as likable, but that's part of the point of this book. I can honestly say that I'm very much looking forward to this author's next effort.
Not so great ending. No thriller for me. It was an great story line that went nowhere. The premise of a missing wife and an accused husband was for the most part, a story that could keep u on the edge of your seat but alas, this story failed for me.
All I can say that this is definitley a book that will keep you on the edge of what ever you are sitting or lying down on! Be prepared for surprises!
Resisted the reviews so I could form my own opinions. As I kept reading I would glance back at the author's photo and wonder why someone who looked so sweet and "normal" could write  such a perverse and sick book???? As I read her acknowledgements it made me more uncomfortable.  Where does this kind of thinking come from?  As my title says..in the trash on Tuesday.
It was good but my expectations were higher after the reviews I read.  However I do not regret reading it.
Liked this one. Different take on things - interesting the way the story unfolds. Dark and engaging generally. But a very easy read. Enjoyed it!
This book was difficult to put down. A lot of surprises. Decided I didn't like either one of them but mostly her. My book group gave it high marks.
I've read both of Flynn's other novels (Sharp Objects and Dark Places) too. I thought this book was excellent, up until the end. I really like how Flynn's books tend to switch between past and present... it helps keep things interesting. I don't want to spoil the ending, but the whole time you're reading the book, you're wondering what happened and then second-guessing yourself as new details are revealed. I personally wasn't impressed with the ending at all. I thought it really fell flat in relation to the rest of the book. The entire book leads up to the conclusion, and when it finally comes, you're like "really? That's it?" Or at least, that's how it was for me. And this was after I heard the ending was "amazing." I guess it just depends on what kinds of stories you're into, but I would have liked it much more with a different ending.
A mystery written in his story/her story style. The reader gets engaged in the husband's story as he comes home to find his front door open and his wife missing under mysterious circumstances. Soon the reader gets to know the lives of the couple from his perspective. Taken right from the headlines, we all wonder if he did it, and where the body might be hidden. Then, the wife's perspective comes into play--full of twists and turns, fast paced. A good pick for your book club, will lend itself to great discussion points.
Thought it should have had a better ending.  Won't ho and see the movie.  Although I do love the actor and actress they have picked to portray them
Good action, great story, and quick read. Love the character development and setting. Highly recommend it to any adult and even teen.
I could not put the book down but it was a downer from the begining. Not enough light areas. Did not like the ending buttruly understood it. I think I would have finished it differently. I will try another book by this arthur, but only onemore. Not a feel good book.
I agree with the other reviewers, Gone Girl is a real page turner. The inner lives of the characters are extremely robust, and it's a lot of fun to peek into their minds (twisted though they are). I also enjoyed the discussion of changing identities and how that effects relationships. I was able to relate to the girl who wrote the diary entries, so I felt a little silly when I found out she was a sociopath. Maybe that's why I liked the first half better. True, the second half doesn't seem as carefully written as the first half, but it is still a very good read.
Despite a relatively lackluster ending that does nothing to promote the story, Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn is captivating and well written. The story is nothing new...a marriage gone South with adultery and other trials and tribulations that tear a man and woman apart. The real star of the show though is Amy who has Nick by the short hairs and apparently delights in leading him on a merry goose chase. Nick never realizes he was bested and in the end succumbs to his wife because she is truly pregnant or he was truly that stupid.Girls are smarter than boys as everyone knows but a 400 page, in your face, tell-all book is just obsessive about it. From the first chapter, every guy will or should know that he is in for it and the bashing starts. Gillian Flynn puts the pedal down on this story of a manipulative sociopath who only wants one thing and poor Nick is it. Winning my vote for the best title, Gone Girl sums it up... Amy is gone and Nick bears the brunt of the ensuing investigation. Like Fatal Attraction, Gone Girl is a novel for it's time that should be read by all.
Gillian Flynn offers up a thriller about love, deception, and sociopathic behavior that is often reflective of real life dysfunctional marriages and just as often funny.  Briefly, and without revealing too much, since the pleasure of the novel is revelation upon revelation, twist after twist, Nick and Amy meet in New York, fall in love, marry, and seem happy, until both lose their jobs.  Nick decides to move back to his hometown of North Carthage, MO, ostensibly to help care for his dying mother and Alzheimer father.  Then Amy disappears, apparently abducted by parties unknown.  It isn't long before the police settle the mantle of prime suspect on Nick's shoulders.  And the question is who took Amy and why, or did hubby murder her?  But beware:  nothing is as it seems.Flynn tells the story from Nick and Amy's perspectives, leaving us to wonder, at least in the first part of the book, who we are to believe.  In part two, Flynn reveals what really happened and why.  In part three, she resolves the situation.  Some have faulted Flynn on the ending, but I found it perfectly acceptable, in keeping with the personalities of the characters.  However, morally tidy it is not.Flynn skillfully handles sociopathy, having her sociopathic character expound, as well as showing how others perceive or misperceive the sociopath.  It's claimed that somewhere around four percent of the U.S. population is sociopathic.  Not all, or even a fraction of, sociopaths are psychopaths, and they are nearly impossible, by their very nature, to spot.  One trait, however, can give them away; that is, the compulsion to escalate their behavior, something Flynn expertly illustrates.If psychopathic killers are your thing, see my list of top-notch titles in my Listmania "Killer Crime Fiction," by clicking Explorer.
I liked this book.  It held my interest from beginning to end.. If you enjoy unusual charters, you'll probably  like this book.  It was part of a book club and everyone liked it.
Loved the way the book started; grabbed your attention right away!  The characters were interesting, the writing  was good.  I had downloaded the sample on my Kindle and was intrigued enough to purchase the book but, boy, did I get taken!!  Once it got to the middle, it seems to have gone off the tracks.  The characters became almost cartoonish, the story became ridiculous and completely unbelievable.  The ending was almost bizarre, as though the author just threw up her hands and wanted to finish writing quickly so she put down anything.  A HUGE disappointment!  Felt I threw away my money!  Will NOT buy anything else from this author.Pat in Southern CA
I got suspicious at the end of Part 1 - Skipped to the last 10 pages -Didn't bother with the rest. Grateful for my library & e-book lending. Might have felt obligated to read the whole thing if money had been spent.
I couldn't put this novel down.  I wanted to know how it ended, but felt the author wandered around to find an ending  I am still thinking about what might have happened after it ended.
First book I read by Gillian Flynn - intriguing, fast paced, surprises in every chapter. Have started re-reading to catch things I'm sure I missed. Good book and good read!
Gone Girl is one of those novels that will mess with your head and stick with you long after you've finished it. The first half of the book lulls you into a false sense of familiarity. We've all heard the story a thousand times, a loving and devoted wife goes missing, this time on her fifth wedding anniversary. Who is to blame? Well the husband, of course. He's lied to the police, and come to find out their relationship wasn't doing so well. However, in Gone Girl, nothing is as it seems, and the second part of the novel will blow your mind. This story is told between Nick's present-day POV and Amy's diary entries from the past, so who can you trust? Flynn teaches the reader that sometimes you can't trust anyone... even the narrators.The first half of the book made me feel bad for Amy, especially, but also Nick (in some parts). These characters really played on my sympathies by telling me only certain parts of the whole story. In the second part of the book, it becomes apparent rather quickly that both narrators are big liars. At first I was kind of angry about this. I mean I trusted these narrators, and for what? So they could lie to me? But after I thought about it, I realized that the story would not have been half as intriguing if Flynn had not written it in this manner. Being unable to trust the narrators made it hard for me to believe anything that happened, though. So I finished the novel feeling unsure about what was real and what wasn't. Basically, no one is innocent and everyone is guilty of something. It's insane.The story was quick-moving, and I never felt like it lagged at all. It also didn't feel rushed, which is a good thing. However, the pages flew by, and before I knew it, the book was over. I was left sitting there staring at it, trying to recover from the intensity. The plot is scary, dark, twisted, and captivating. Once you start this novel, you will not be able to put it down until the very last page. I'm going to end my review here before I spoil anything for future readers of this book.Overall, I'd recommend this novel to anyone who loves a good mystery/suspense. The book is wonderfully written, and the story will draw you in. Gone Girl is a horrifyingly intense roller coaster that you do not want to miss.
Disclosure:  Murder mysteries are not my favorite genre.But occasionally I like a good one.  This was not the one.Nick was established as a sleaze-ball early on.  So, no matter how badly he was treated, you couldn't cheer much for him to win.Once Amy was shown to be a jerk too, I couldn't root for her.The only answer was to hate one enough to want him/her to LOOSE.  But that didn't work well, either.It kept me interested enough to keep reading.  I was interested in seeing where it would end.  But an impersonal curiosity, not a very emotional interest.I didn't hate the book, so 2 stars wouldn't do.  Maybe 2 1/2?
This may be the scariest read ever for me.  Like a box of CrackerJack:  you don't know what's coming, but you know it's a prize.  And a surprise!  I'm reminded of my ex.  That's the only downside to this one.
Spine tingling!  Really enjoyed this book.  Kept me on my toes waiting to see what would happen next.  Couldn't put book down.
Our book club chose Gone GIrl as our book of the month. Without this incentive, I would have stopped reading two pages into the second half. Both characters were despicable. but I must say the best part of the book was the end. These people got what they deserved... to wake up in their own little hells for the rest of their lives. I like to finish a novel having found some redeeming quality or having discovered something about a subject or place that I didn't know. Not true with this book.
I almost stopped reading at first because of so much bad language but I didn't.  I've read bad language before ie:. David Sedaris books.  It was a page turner I will admit that.  My friend thought it was a surprise ending but not me.  The ending in my mind was not really an ending at all.  Nick and Amy will go on in their sick relationship as before only now they will have a child to really mess up.  Amy is the sicker of the two and throw into that just plain evil.  Nike is just a very bad neurotic.  They are both haters.  Not in the book but in my mind one of them will kill the other sooner or later unless of course Amy is prosecuted for her crimes and it looks like she won't as they have closed the case.  I could have given it a four AIthough I guess but it is such a frustrating book I didn't.  My taste in books I guess.
Whoa!  Didn't expect that outcome.  First half of the book was a slow build up and totally throws the reader off.  I didn't like the back and forth so much.
Excellent book.  Would read another book by this author.  Fast, easy read.  Could not put it down.  Great plot twists---always made you feel like you were being let in on a friend's &#34;little dirty secret.&#34;  Great!
What a roller coaster the author puts his readers through. First you love the characters then you loathe them.Very well written and hard to put down.
Good writing does not have to depend on raw language and steamy sex. The story began interestingly enough, but the farther I read, the more disappointing I found it. My biggest complaint is that the most obvious flaw in the logic was stated once in the story and never referred to again. If her hands were tied to the bed posts, how was she able to cut them free?
It was well written, a thought provoking book. I had many conversations with friends about it. Everyone had a different idea about the ending. That makes for a good book.
I loved all the books this Author has written..could not put them down and Ithink Gone Girl would make a great movie!
5+ stars!  I am absolutely in love with this book!The writing was phenomenal, fast-paced, almost lyrical.  Which was such a drastic contrast to the plot - not at all poetic.  But disturbing.  We are taken on a journey of a dysfunctional relationship between Nick and Amy that has more twists and turns, ups and downs than a roller coaster.  We go from loving to hating to loving to hating the characters.  As soon as you think you have &#34;it&#34; figured out, you learn you are wrong.This was so well-written I forgot I was reading fiction.  I live in Missouri, and a few times while reading, found myself thinking a road trip to the places named in the book would be interesting.This is not my normal go-to read.  But I am so glad I took the chance!
Well written and interesting read that kept me on the edge of my seat until the very end. I like the change of &#34;author&#34; back and forth between the characters.
A thoroughly sinister psychological thriller about 2 very unlovely people. I thought it was very well written, very readable maybe a bit long.
I really do not understand why people hate this book with a passion! It was thrilling and shocking! I was fine with the not so happy ending. Can't wait for the move.
This book was a great read!  Gillian Flynn's character development and writing dynamics caused me to not put this book down.  The dark/mysterious plot was both intriguing and enthralling.  I loved both characters and couldn't pick a favorite. I have been on the search for another book I enjoyed this much and have yet to find one.
I did not like It... I kept hoping that something would happen to change this but it never came... I read it till the end but suffered all the way. How can this be one of best sellers I can not begin to understand.
This book has been on the top seller list.  Thought I would see why.  It was very well written.  The plot was surprising.  I could not put the book down until I finished it.
Good book.  Keeps you turning the page.  Interesting characters.  I would definitely recommend it.  Not sure I loved the ending, though.
It's rare that I find a book that I so look forward to reading. Gillian Flynn has done a masterful job of combining a riveting plot with great writing. It doesn't feel naive and it contains just the right amount of tension to keep things interesting. The story wasn't predictable and the ending was deliberately left open ended.
As far as psychological thrillers, this was top-notch. Insightful into today's twenty-something marriages/relationships, with a deft use of humor, tight characterization, and masterful plotting.
The story line was unique and had a great twist.  I was just a little dissapointed with the ending. Would definitely recommend reading the book.
How Gillian Flynn was able to construct this story line left me wondering for ages. I could not believe the premeditated deception that unravelled in this 'couldn't put down' novel. I loved her modern, snappy style of the writing and all the cooky characters that emerged as the story was told. Great fun to read!
Gillian Flynn is an excellent author, this book was very cleverly written and is a must read for anyone who likes a good book.  I cant say much about it because I dont want to spoil any part of the story, but I highly recommend this novel!
I really enjoyed this book. The writing lacks in some places, yet I found it irresistible to keep reading. Great spring break beach reading...
I had to get the book because the premise sounded very interesting. I was very disappointed in the pacing in the first 1/3 of the book and the last 3/4. I had to force myself to read a chapter a night until I hit about the 1/3 mark, which is when I started to not want to put the book down. The same thing happened towards the end when the pace slowed down considerably and I kept waiting for the other shoe to drop that really never did. It turned out to be ok, I did not hate the ending as a lot of other people did. It seemed almost a natural end to the two characters that I had grown to despise and wish death upon to spare the world from their lunacy.Nick and Amy are two of those people that really bring out the best and worst of each other and it's never pretty. Amy starts out in the novel bugging me because she seemed like one of those women who "try" to get things perfect just so they can have the world feel sorry for them when it doesn't turn out so well. At least once we start learning about the real Amy it was somewhat exciting, even though her actions were horrific. Nick was an extremely self-centered person who seemed to always want to be in control, except he was able to find excuses to blame other people for the consequences of his actions. Neither person is a person one should root for really, which is what made the novel so exciting once we learn who Amy really is.I did find some of the novel unbelievable, which is one of the reasons I just can't rate it higher. There are little things here and there that really took me out of the story to say, "Come on! Really?!" The pacing is the other issue that I took off a star for. While the middle is really solid, the dragging at the beginning and end really bothered me. And like I said before, neither character is one you really root for, but it is one heck of a ride!
Loved this book!! There are so many twists and turns it will keep you guessing until the very end!! Totally worth the money and then some
This read starts with an iteresting plot and is a page turner to a point.  The last quarter of the book is a &#34;Jerry Springer&#34;  on the written page. Very disappointing.  Borrow from the library so you can quickly return it.
Maintained high expectations for the next revelation.  Hard to imagine a husband that could be mislead for so long even by a very creative wife.
i'm not a huge fan of fiction, but took a shot at this after hearing an interview with ms. Flynn on NPR. At one point, the interviewer asked, &#34;So, do you reall think YOU could commit the prefect crime?', to which Ms. Flynn, unhestiatingly, replied, &#34;Yes, I do.&#34;That was all I needed to hear! A quite enjoyable read!
Would love to see the movie. The main character was some wacko. Good story telling. Some parts were a little confusing.
Probably one of the best books I read in 2012. I recommended it to my friends who love mysteries. I also read Gillian Flynn's other 2 books.
&#34;GONE GIRL&#34; WAS ANOTHER TO CAPTURE MY ATTENTIONFROM PAGE 1.  I HAVE PASSED IT ON TO FRIENDS.FLORENCE L. WASHBURN
This is a real cliff hanger....I can't figure out what the ending will be!  Hope to finish it tonight.  It's a great read and has a plot line like I've never seen before and I read a lot of books!!!!!!
I am not a big fan of mysteries but this is a great read. It kept me entertained and engaged. I will seek out more books by this author.
I really could not put it down!  So many twists and turns! Not only suspense but character analysis and revelations!
This book is very well written and sucks you in to see what happens next. I must admit I didn't love the last few chapters and the ending, but that's just me! Still highly recommend.
The story is well written and has lots of twists and turns in it. At times it was really hard to put down. My husband and I both enjoyed it immensely. Lets all hope that we never have to live with an &#34;Amazing Amy&#34; !!!
I bought this book based on editorial reviews and "best-seller" popularity. Haven't read Flynn's previous books. I feel this book is best read without knowing too many details beforehand. It's the unexpected twists and turns as well as Flynn's thought-provoking process of getting into the minds of Amy and Nick that made this so enthralling for me.Normally I'm a slow reader, taking extra time to visualize places, people, what they are thinking and doing. I found Flynn's writing style to be deft at creating thoughts and scenes and with such clarity I finished this book in 4 days (and nights). I could hardly put it down. Flynn leads you where she wants you to go, then abruptly turns a corner and I found myself thinking, "I never would have guessed that!" She is a master at character development--delving into the darkest areas of the human mind and exposing shocking events or tender thoughts impossible to predict. She writes with such a skillful command of language, you read what people do sometimes say to each other--as well as what they may be thinking, but don't say. You think you know them--but you don't. Even characters and places that may seem minor at first, become something more meaningful--sinister, sympathetic, vindictive, weak, self-destructive.If you like psychological thrillers and enjoy the process of  trying to figure out how stories will end, who will win, lose and how, aren't tempted to peek, skip details, rush ahead. read the last page or otherwise destroy the element of shock or surprise, then you should thoroughly enjoy this book. I went back and read the reviews here after finishing, noting that some mention "soft porn"  due to frequent graphic sexual details, violent situations, language, etc. Though true, I felt they were important to understanding the characters on a deeper level and in context with the story line.
This book is a missing persons drama intertwined with a commentary on the marriage of the main characters.The introduction outlines the characters well, and sets the scene for the missing person. As the book progressed, I found it difficult to like the characters and therefore lost interest. I finished the book, but was left pondering the amount of narcissism and selfishness of the characters. I felt the the tightly constructed writing lost its way at a bit past the halfway point. Interesting, but three stars only for me.
Compelling, shocking, intriguing and beautifully written! I feel as if I know these characters. Their twisted yet rational thoughts are so credible it shakes me to the core.
Great mystery keeps you guessing with twists and turns throughout the book. Easy read. Plan to read more of Gillian Flynn novels.
This book kept you reading, wanting to find out more. Alot of twists in there that kept you guessing. Not a book I would of normally read, but so glad i did. You will enjoy this book.
My head is spinning.  I've been reading nonstop for almost 24 hours.  Right now I'm contemplating going back to the beginning and rereading the whole book.  This has been a roller coaster ride that I'll not soon forget!
Loved the book, hated the ending. Just not right, I'm frustrated! I really liked Ms. Flynns style. Kept me turning pages, isn't that the goal? Going to try and find another  of her books to read. The movie of Gone Girl comes out in the fall with Ben Affleck as Nick. Should be interesting!
Since I have read this book, I often think about it. It was very clever and rivetting right to the end
This is a quick read, very light and entertaining. However -- I wish the author had carried out the story she started with. That was engrossing. As the story developed, it became less so.
What an annoying piece of rambling crap. I hated the story, the delivery, the style. What a waste! Don't read it.
The book rambled, was repetitive, thin on characterization, keeps your interest in parts, but the ending ruined everything that came before it.
This book is way over sold and proves that most readers are not very demanding of an author .I finished this book through mere persistence and cannot figure out why so many people are buying this story ...My wife could not stand it after about 75 pages ! A big a waste of time and a real statement about a women' s mind ; where did this author come up with such a mentally sick character.SPOILERThe ending third is so weak it is pathetic writing !The second half is predictable and who is ever going to believe the ex- boyfriend' s character !  No man would ever stay with such a person !
I have read the author's two previous books and enjoyed them very much. I am pleased to say that this third book is in the same class as its' predecessors: a taut, exciting and well written thriller.The plot concerns a wife disappearing on her fifth wedding anniversary, and suspicion, naturally enough, falls on her husband. The local police investigate, and though they don't come right out and say it directly, then are looking seriously at the husband as the chief, and probably only, suspect. Unfortunately, the husband's actions and attitudes do nothing to allay the suspicion that ramps up around him, and he doesn't know what to do or who to turn to for assistance.I really don't want to go any further into the plot, except to say that it tends to be convoluted (in a good way), and the reader's idea of what happened will change several times during the course of reading the book. The ending comes almost as a bombshell, and I note that many reviewers were not happy with the ending. Fear not, faithful readers. I understand that the movie version of this book, which is coming out in October, has a completely different ending, written by Ms. Flynn herself. Then we all can see which of the two endings we prefer, rather like choosing which of the two endings of "Great Expectations" we like, since Charles Dickens wrote two of them. Meanwhile, enjoy the book, and wait to see the movie.
My wife was reading this book and couldn't stop talking about.  I decided to pick up the Kindle edition and found I couldn't put it down.  The book grabbed my attention and never lost it.
Gillian Flynn is one of my favorite writers. She has a gift for great story telling and this novel explodes in ways you will not be able to predict. All I can say is &#34;Wow!&#34;
This is one of those books that you don't want to put down.  It is written very cleverly from his viewpoint, her viewpoint, chapter by chapter.  It is a mystery, so you're really not sure who is telling the truth and what the outcome will be.  I enjoyed this thoroughly and am going to purchase the author's previous 2 books which I understand are equally as good.
The author starts off slowly, and almost mundanely, with a narrator reading from her diary. Before you are even aware of it, you find yourself being drawn into a black hole of totally unexpected twists and turns, growing darker and more menacing throughout, until you realize it's a thriller you're reading, and you have no idea where it's going. You only know you must find out, and so you can't put the book down.Fabulous writing; author has total control of her subject matter and language (the intricate and complicated plot she contrived plot is dazzling).Only reservation is that I felt the ending was disappointing, didn't work for me at all. It just didn't follow, not logical. Still, totally worth reading.
I haven't finished this yet but I'm addicted to it. The characters are well developed and there are plenty of twists & turns. Very hip.
Had to give this book 4 stars for the quality of the writing, the strong characterization and the clever and creative plot. As the review title suggests, many people felt severe disappointment about the ending. I took a star away since the unnatural method used to create a major element of that ending is a bit contrived but I felt the ending "fit" the story and the personalities of the protagonists. And no, I don't feel a story of this type has to end with justice for all concerned. I feel that the resolution (or lack thereof) is probably more realistic. Probably one of my better reads in 2012.
Read Gone Girl book with a neighborhood book club. We all found it hard to put down. Very different story line yet believable. Is there going to be a sequel?
This is a good book with good characters and plotting, but being from Missouri, I like the setting the best. It reminds me of another Missouri author, Richard Houston and his book, A View to Die For.Highly recommended for anyone living in or close to the Ozarks.
Not a spoiler. Author Gillian Flynn weaves a fascinating tale with this story. The first thing that jumps out at you is that nothing is as it appears. The characters are complex and flawed. As the story progresses, it becomes clear(as mud)the main characters each have an agenda, that they are willing to do anything to hide. The story makes you pause an think about relationships, such as, husband and wife, brother and sister, parent and child, as well as, friendships. Who are you and with whom are you in relationship? The answer to the questions may mean life or death. As the adage goes,"There are three sides to the story, his side, her side and the truth". In Gone Girl, you get to read his and her sides of the story. The truth is left up to you.
In reading Gone Girl, by Gillian Flynn, I love this book, it's a great surprise for me. Gillian is a very talented writer. Also Flynn, a gifted writer.I don't know how to rate this book. I'm very sorry I'm giving 3 because the book was well writing.
I bought this book on my Kindle based on the great reviews on my Goodreads application.  The reviews were right.  I have thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It is written in a very different style than most murder mysteries and the author does a nice job developing his characters.
It proved to be too dark for me I really tried not to be depressed about it. to no avail
This book has become one of my all time favourites. It was unpredictable with lots of suspense. I read it in one sitting. If you like a modern thriller this one's for you.
I ALMOST love this book, it's almost a 4.5.  The story is very dynamic and though it's seemingly a familiar story, it has such great plot twists that it becomes something new.  As the story unfolds, we find out the wife is missing and of course the husband is worried&#8230;  Is the husband to blame?  That's where the story gets complicated.  The couple in the book is likable, but I don't fall in love with either of them.  The story reads as if it's someone I'll never know, only pass on the street.  I can imagine these people's lives, but I feel no connection to them.  That's one major flaw I find in the story.  I feel as if Gillian Flynn wants me to LIKE both of them, but I could care less.  I just ended up hating one less than the other.I started to fall in love with the book because of all the twists and turns.  I've read other books by the author and love all of them as well.  The big difference between her other books and this one, is the ending of &#34;Gone Girl&#34; was really lack luster.  Her other novels' endings were &#34;AH HA&#34; moments or tied up the story nicely.  Either way, the book is a page-turner and it's not a surprise to why this one is a top-seller.  It's unlike anything I've read before and I do consider it a must-read.
I've read several novels lately where the author seems to be challenging me to like the novel even though I can't stand the main character.  This book has two unlikable characters for the price of one.  Gone Girl is the story of the disintegration of a marriage, and also a murder mystery.  It is an &#34;amazing&#34; puzzle box, with clues scattered all over, and it really takes off at the 51% point (I think in % now since I have a kindle).  Unfortunately, the two main characters are so deeply flawed that I found it impossible like or care about either of them.  The other characters merely fill out the story so that leaves only the puzzle for enjoyment.  The final twist raises some interesting questions on the nature of happiness and what it means to be &#34;normal&#34;, but I remain unconvinced.
Having hear so much hoopla about this novel, I bought the books a forced myself to read more than 100 pages. I found the story tedious and the constant time shift within the relationship confusing. The characters were no captivating and were generally ordinary and uninteresting. Why this book is on the best-seller list is a complete mystery to me. I just don't get it.
it was a slow start but picked up on intensity till the point ,I needed to know whats going on
This story can't be summarized as a "who done it?" This is a complete and total mind game until the very end. As you get to know both protagonists/antagonists- it's hard to tell which is which, you are given insights on how Nick and Amy differ and how they're the same. Each chapter has you so sure until you begin the next one. The characters and plot are well thought out and come to life immediately. An absolute page turner. So much so that I truly continued to turn the page hoping for just one more sentence.
this is a stunning book - Ms. Flynn has twists within twists & keeps you guessing all the way through - wonderful book
First off: it's hard to write anything lengthy about this book without giving away crucial points, so this is going to be a brief. But I am going to include some info people may consider "spoilers," so watch out.I got totally sucked into this book and finished over the course of one plane trip (actually getting snapped at by one flight attendant when I wouldn't put my Kindle away fast enough prior to landing!). You hear books and movies described as "roller coaster rides," but this book really is one. It whiplashes you. One minute you think one thing, the next minute you think something else. Then, you don't know what to think. Then you realize that you've been an idiot, and that things are so much more complex than they seem - about the same time the characters in the book realize the same thing.I very much enjoyed reading this book. It is a masterwork. I am not sure how it was possible for Gillian Flynn to craft a story like this and not telegraph plot points, or the ending, which seems to happen so often (where you can say, by page 20, "the butler did it" or whatever). I have read a lot of mysteries, and a lot of thrillers, but this book honestly kept me guessing the whole way through. I had no idea how it was going to end, which was good. But then the ending came, and that was bad. All I will say is: I think we all have a need, in our reading experiences, to feel like there is some degree of balance or justice that gets meted out to the deserving. Yes, I know that does not happen in real life. Yes, I know the book is better for not having a predictable, good-triumphs-over-evil ending. That all does not make me like the ending any better. Actually, the final scene profoundly disturbed me, because...well, I can't say why without REALLY putting out spoilers. So what I'll say is, I am not sure I would have read the book if I had known how it ended, in advance. But I am glad I did read the book because man, oh man. I have not had a reading experience that riveting or nail-biting in a long time.Like a lot of folks, I look at reviews before I decide to buy books. In this case, I am glad I didn't read the reviews before getting this, because I would have missed out on reading something I really enjoyed. This is one of those rare cases where an ending I found unsatisfying didn't ruin the rest of the book for me. If you're reading these reviews, and you haven't read the book, STOP, read the book, then come back and read the reviews. The reading experience is worth it, even if the ending or other points of the narrative are less-than-satisfying for you.
This book was so good! I love suspenseful, well-written books! Gillian Flynn is a superb writer and with so many twists and turns, I couldn't put this book down!
I had heard so much about the book but was very disappointed when I read it........ It just seemed to drag on and on!
Kept me reading to the end, a well written and well thought out story of obsession and human nature frailties
I don't want to say too much. Let folks have the story unfold for them as it did for me! So well thought out, from beginning to end. This book had to have taken a long time to get laid out so perfectly! I've been recommending it to friends.
Excellent character depictions- each came alive on the pages as each heart pounding situation unfolded.  Loved it!  The suspense made it impossible to stop reading.
I wonder if there is a book discussion group in this country that didn't choose this book at some point. And I can't help but think that its sales figures would be substantially lower if we hadn't all been force-fed this book based on the hype. I thought it strained credibility to the extreme, the characters were completely unlikeable (and not just the obvious ones), and the ending was a complete let-down. Wish I had read more of the negative reviews, and maybe skipped that book group meeting.
We understand that Oregon native Julia Whelan fell in love with acting when at the age of six she went to a Shakespeare festival.  That love and enthusiasm for her profession is clearly seen in the many television shows in which she has appeared.  This super charged thriller gives her one more opportunity to showcase her talent, and she does so in spades.Pairing her with film and television actor Kirby Heyborne was certainly a coup as together they inhabit the personas of Amy and Nick Dunne, a married couple who are not at all as they seem.To friends, neighbors and the world they're a perfect couple, happily married and in love with each other.  Once an about-town New York couple they've retreated to Nick's hometown of North Carthage, Missouri, after he loses his job.  Once there Nick partners with his sister, Margo, in buying a local bar.  He also teaches a creative writing course at a nearby college.  Amy keeps wearing a contented happy face although she secretly dislikes the town, and as we later learn from her diary excerpts she also doesn't very much like her marriage.  You see, we have to learn about Amy from her diary because as our story opens it is her fifth wedding anniversary and she has disappeared.At first friends and neighbors join in sympathy for Nick and in searches for Amy.  But then as Nick's reaction to her disappearance is not what they would have expected people begin to question and eventually turn against him.  He has told lies.  He has taken one of his students as his mistress.  It is also true that his marriage was not all he and Amy presented it to be.  The detectives investigating the case begin probing deeper and deeper.No spoilers here the denouement gives one shivers, it is totally surprising yet in retrospect not unexpected.  After already having established a record of reader-pleasing tales Gillian Flynn has again crafted a singularly unforgettable story.Enjoy!- Gail Cooke
This book does not grab you from the beginning, but once it does it is very hard to put down. Lots of twists and unexpected turns and interesting characters. Had a great time reading it.
The book is suspenseful, but I struggled the most with so many descriptions about mundane things throughout the book, plus it is hard to connect because I disliked so many of the characters.  I wanted a sinkhole to appear and swallow not just the main characters, but then entire town.It's one of those books that's hard for me to rate because it doesn't leave you with glittery butterflies. The plot is suspenseful and well written, it does get a little to much to swallow at times (urine stealing, vomit storing, fingerprints all over hidden packages), but your feelings about the characters change the more that you get to know them, and not in a good way. I found myself hating the husband at times, but then sympathetic or forgiving towards him, not because of his redeeming qualities, but because I found myself loathing another character that's out to frame him more than I hated the husband. Maybe a 3 or 3.5 rating, but I think the rating may skewed not because of the roller coaster. I can understand why some readers love the story because it has a well thought out plot, it has plenty of curves, but I needed someone to like, someone to root for in the end. I couldn't make a connection, and perhaps that's what the author intended..
I heard good and bad reviews about this book. Decided to read it for myself. I love this book. The style in which it was written kept me fascinated. The mystery was compelling and kept pushing me forward to read more and more. I had trouble not being able to put it down. The story plot had new twists and turns and kept me guessing until the very end. This was a fun, exciting, and a great read.
I'd heard good things about "Gone Girl" but saw that many reviewers hated the ending, so I was nervous going into it.  Starting out, I was impressed by Flynn's decision to make both protagonists annoying, unlikeable brats, but not so awful that I wouldn't be interested in finding out what happens to them.  That's a fine line to draw.The plot is complex, and there are plenty of places where she could have slipped, and put in an inconsistent detail or plot twist that didn't work.  Though the plot is certainly hard to believe, the pieces fit together.  She doesn't step wrong.  There's only one place where something happened and I stopped reading to think, "Wait, if she didn't have the gate code she wouldn't be able to drive out alone." (Don't worry, that's not much of a spoiler.)  To only run into that sort of thing once in such a twisty narrative is impressive.I don't understand why so many people hate the ending.  It's not a pleasant ending.  It's not the ending you WANT to happen.  But it's entirely consistent with the two flawed, not-self-aware characters' decisions up to that point.  It's a sinister ending, not really an ending at all, but a pause in the action.  You don't know what will happen after that, but it's not going to be good.  Again, this is entirely in keeping with the tone of the book."Gone Girl" is good.  It's not one of the very best books ever written in the English language.  But it's a sharp, smart thriller that kept me turning the pages.  It's good enough that I'm recommending it to some friends but not everybody. If you need a book to read on a plane, if you're interested in true crime or mysteries, if you like dark-toned chick lit, you could do a lot worse than "Gone Girl."
It is such a crazy ending but holds you to the very end. The characters were very interesting and warped.
I don't often give out five stars, but to find myself so engrossed in a love story that suddenly turns in on itself and morphs into something new and twisted, yet believable was a real surprise.  This author has the ability to write about clever people capable of extended mind games. This was a real find. Enjoy!
Many unusual twists and turns in this well written novel. Unusual story and basically normal characters become more and more unusual as story progresses.
Many twists. Interesting look I mmHg to relationships .most accurate description of unfaithful spouses ever.I felt someone was writing about my relationship at many parts in vBulletin the book
This mystery is one that's hard to put down. It was selected by our book club for discussion. Told by the two main characters in alternating chapters, it pulls you in one direction then another. Wouldn't be surprised if this one becomes a movie.
The book is pure torture.  I stayed with it because of the reviews, looking for some redeeming feature.  There was none.With a couple of exceptions all characters are pathetic with him being amoraly weak and her being amoraly self centered and cruel.Nothing to enjoy with the ending being the worst of all.
I hated the ending, and speed read through a good portion of the book.  Characters were very strange and to me not very sympathetic or compelling in any way.
Having read Gillian Flynn's first two efforts, "Sharp Objects" and "Dark Places," I was very mush looking forward to digging into her latest, "Gone Girl." No one writes about dark, twisted characters better than Flynn, and Gone Girl certainly does not disappoint in this respect. It's part mystery and part psychological thriller in which middle class, jobless magazine writer Nick Dunne is accused of murdering his missing wife Amy. The conceit of the novel revolves around alternating narratives in which Nick (post-disappearance) and Amy (pre-disappearance through diary entries) tell the tale from their unique perspectives.Did Nick kill Amy or didn't he? There's plenty of damning physical (but largely circumstantial) evidence to suggest that he did, yet in his narrative, he asserts that he's no killer and is just as much in the dark as everyone else as to her whereabouts. Should he be believed? This question propels the first half of the book, which is filled with a page-turning series of twists and turns that I found completely riveting.I can't describe what happens after the midway point without revealing major spoilers about the book, spoilers that would surely ruin its enjoyment. Let's just say that there's a major and largely unforeseen turn that really ramps up reader interest. At least, it did for this reader. This new revelation keeps the story powered under full steam...until we approach the end of the book. Author Flynn seems to have written herself into a bit of a corner...with no credible way out. The ending felt a bit preposterous and artificial. I was left feeling largely unsatisfied with its outcome. It's far from a tidy Hollywood outcome.Leaving the plot of Gone Girl aside, it has to be said the Gillian Flynn writes psychopaths (and lesser sick, twisted individuals) like no one else. She knows how to write them so darkly and with such an authentic voice that one wants to take a shower to rid themselves of the bad taste in their brain. These characters are indeed repulsive and reprehensible, but they're written in such a way as to keep the reader fascinated, like a curious driver passing a road accident, wondering just how much more depraved things can get.
The story starts off with these two people who you just know are meant to be together.And then she disappears under violent-appearing circumstances.Well, by the end of the story, you learn that this man and this woman are meant for one another, but not in the way you were thinking at the beginning.If you liked the movie &#34;War of the Roses,&#34; you'll like this book...though there are PLENTY of differences between the two stories.
Well written and held my interest throughout, although I wasn't crazy about the ending.  Not because the ending was bad, but throughout the book things were well planned out in just enough detail, but the ending they just threw at you and that was it.  It was like she got tired or writing and just abruptly ended the book.  Other than that, it was a good read.
No spoilers here.Gone Girl was a little hard to get into, but if you stick with it does really get good. I'm rating this five stars because of the story itself and the writing style. Such a great novel...enjoy!
i am probably a very naive person to expect from two young people in love to have some civility towards each other when this feeling is gone. the gone girl is not a mystery i expected, it is a story of mutual conniving and meanness to achieve a ....revenge?! on the other partner. the convoluted plan of amy to disappear in order to make her husband look guilty of her death....the helpless husband who cheats , drinks and gets into trouble....the eventual comeback...i was thoroughly disappointed in the plot and will not try any of the this authors books.
I love a good suspense book.  This is a good story but the ending was a disappointment to me. I read it on the recommendation of a author friend who also loved it.
Generally, I read literary fiction and avoid most books described as thrillers or mysteries.  It's not that I have anything against thrillers/mysteries.  It's just that I usually prefer character-driven fiction, and most thrillers/mysteries are very plot driven and sometimes rely on formulaic characters.  I'm so glad I didn't apply my usual formula and decided to read Gone Girl even though it's described as a thriller.I would describe this novel as a literary thriller.  It's equally character-driven and plot-driven, and neither half of the book suffers.  The plot is filled with unexpected turns, but Gillian Flynn still takes the time to fully develop her characters.  On top of that, Flynn's prose is well-written and tightly constructed and contains an internal momentum that only adds to the novel's tension.  Once I started reading Gone Girl, I couldn't stop.  Now that I'm finished, I can't stop trying to get all my friends to read it so I can discuss the (controversial) ending with them.
Reading this novel was like having a tooth pulled.  I kept expecting it to get better but it didn't.  Characters lacked depth and what was offered was poor character development.  You know nothing more about each character at the end as with the beginning.  I only finished reading it because it was a gift and I know I will be asked how I liked it.  Hated it!  The author has a very psychotic personality herself or she is delusional.  Chapters of 1 page, who needs that?  I can only think of two other books that have disappointed me like this one and again I finished each thinking they would at least get better and did not. The conclusion was truly a sorry, misplaced ending.  Story so totally out in left field it cannot begin to be accepted as believable.
I hadn't read Gillian Flynn before Gone Girl,  and did not know anything about the story plot beforehand.  I read the book for my book club and after finishing it sat and thought about the terrible moral implications of the decisions made by the &#34;hero.&#34;  How sad that this book, which is so popular, is about psychological abuse, murder and blackmail with no consequences suffered by the perpetrators.  I can truly say I will not be reading any more of Ms Flynn's books. There are too many real selfish, delusional, murderous and psychotic people in this world who never pay for their actions without having to read about them as entertainment.
In the interest of writing a spoiler free review, I will say only that the book is twisted and brilliant.
This book was amazing, and I read it so fast because I refused to put it down. There are twists and turns throughout that never failed to surprise. This is unlike any book I've ever read - I generally hated every single character, but somehow that's what you're supposed to do.
So many twists, turns, and surprises! This thriller is a must read. There is not a good way to give a review without spoiling any of the twisted bizarre secrets.
Are there really people like this? Scary thought. Kept me on the edge just wanting to spend my time reading. Thanks Anna for giving me the title!
This is a great mystery/romance which has a few twists and turns that I didn't see coming but which worked very well. Fascinating and complex central characters with interesting ( and quirky ) back story.I didn't like the ending but am prepared to forgive that as the rest of the book was a compelling and interesting read.
Outstanding!  I constant surprise around every corner.  Literally could not put this down.  Her best novel yet and hopefully more to come.
This book was a roller coaster, the first half was thrilling and then the second half is almost unbelievable, yet believable. The ending was atrocius. I wanted to throw the book. For a few days I was even mad I had read it. But the truth is, it is a great read. I couldnt put it down. And no one said it has to end the way it should or the way i want it to!
This book was a delight to read.  Another great book of the summer.  (See my other reviews.)  I was totally gripped for the first half of the book and thought it totally fell apart at the end.  But who cares?  It was still a totally entertaining read.  I'm a fan.
Great writing... Very intense, keeps you from putting it down. I don't know how the movie will do it justice.
The characters were unbelievable (I mean, live with a murderer!!), the plot contrived, and ending unsatisfactory. It was intriguing but in the end, ridiculous.
Very bad ending! I kept saying this just dose not make any sense. Wish I had read more of the one star reviews!
Loved this book.  Very different read, shocking around every corner, do not try to figure out the end as you won&#8217;t match what you think will happen. Guaranteed!
I was thrown for a loop from the opening pages, he's talkin about his wife's head. Then he eases into the heart of the story. It is beautifully written and makes me want to go out and get every book. Amy's missing, a marriage unravening at the seams. Great story, very engrossing, a page turner, and there a few lessions to be learned. Super read!! Super Writer.Derrick Sweat 3 Special EditionRaw Deception, The Rogue 1
A great read by a great writer. This is a page-tuner mystery that kept me up into the wee hours. Gillian Flynn is a master mystery writer and will keep you shocked and 2nd guessing until the very BITTER end. Really I gasped with shock at the ending. Although there are many rollercoaster hair-pin turns on these pages, by all means go for the ride and do not ruin a bit of it for yourself by reading ahead.
The writing saves this rather ho-hum mystery. Though some will call it a thriller, it's not and the plot has been overly done. I kept looking for a fresh approach. After a series of financial setbacks and marital disappointments, did Nick murder his beloved Amy? The cops think so, her parents think so. The details are endless and repetitious as the story draws to its inevitable and unexciting conclusion. I kept looking for a twist or two. I know many will enjoy this book because Gillian Flynn is an accomplished writer.
This book is a mystery for me. At first you think the husband is a killer! Then you are confront with a very crazy wife who plan everything! Soo she is crazy but the worst part he stays with her! I think is is too much fiction
I never did decide who was the worst person in that marriage -- guess they deserve each other!  Sorry I recommended it to my book club before reading!
I read this book based on some very positive feedback from friends, and I was enthralled...until the last chapter. The ending is unbearably disappointing, I'm sorry to have to say. Up until that point I was reading with a pounding heart - couldn't put it down - my husband would see me reading it during the day, which I never do. I couldn't wait to suggest it to all my friends and family. It is, I have to say, brilliantly written, but I just found the ending bitterly disappointing. Ugh, what a bad taste is left in my mouth. Flynn doesn't need my review, nor does she care, I'm sure. I just want readers to be forewarned.
This book tells the story of Nick and Amy. On their fifth wedding anniversary, Amy turns up missing. Did Nick have something to do with it? WOW oh WOW! It doesn't get much better than this story that is told by Nick and Amy. I had a love-hate relationship with them both! I never knew what was going to happen next and had a hard time putting it down. I hated to see it end! The writing is superb! I think this would make a fantastic movie and loved this book! Don't let GONE GIRL pass you by, believe the hype!
I was on a waiting list for months and finally got this book. I could not put it down once I started and read it in12 hours. I have told my sister and daughter to read it.
Page turner.  I loved the book until the end.  I would have preferred a different ending but the book is memorable.
... But this is one of those books.  I can't speak to the overall quality of the work because I couldn't get past the first thirty pages.  The two first-person narrators are so unlikeable, and their viewpoints are so whining and self-involved, that I just didn't have any desire to spend any more time with them.  Understand, I don't object to unpleasant or dark or troubled or downright evil narrators:  if I did, I couldn't enjoy Faulkner, or Chandler, or John Cheever, or Joyce Carol Oates.  What I object to here are two unlikeable, self-involved, whining, and UNINTERESTING narrators.  Both of these people are what used to be called, in the pre-irony days, total losers.  They deserve each other, and after spending thirty pages listening to their crap, I don't really care if he killed her, she left, he left, she committed suicide, he committed suicide, the father did it, the sister did it, or nothing really happened at all.  And this is the best selling book on Amazon kindle?  Sheesh.
If you like the back & forth narratives between wife and husband throughout the book. Has some twist and turns which are surprising and well thought out. I am glad I am not the husband, whew! I read Hollywood has picked up the book for a film already. I forgot who the male lead is but he one of the good ones.
OK.  This was a good book with a surprising ending.  A good read.  Amy went to great lengths to deceive her family and friends.
Gone Girl was enjoyable and intriguing, made me want to stay up until the early hours of the morning in order to finish it, and had characters who became more and more complex as the story went on.Amy and Nick Dunne have been married for five years when Amy goes missing on their anniversary.  This book shows their life together starting from when they first met.  Each chapter covers the feelings from one person, either Amy or Nick, and follows how they grow and learn about each other.  About how Amy grew up privileged in New York and doted upon because she was an only child and the focus of the Amazing Amy stories her parents wrote.  How Nick grew up in a dysfunctional family with his twin sister Go (short for Margo.)Then comes the kicker.  The recession hits, both Nick and Amy lose their jobs, Amy's trust fund, and Nick finds out his mother has cancer.  So, they move from New York to Missouri where Nick is from to help his sister with their mother and their father who is living in a nursing home.The whole premise of the story is based around when and why Amy went missing.  What happened and how did they get away with it?  Nick is implicated throughout the whole story (as well as other characters).  But there are more twist and turns that even you won't know what to believe until the very end and you might still be confused on  some parts.All in all.  This is a must read.
Story moves along a little slowly in the beginning perhaps, but then the pace picks up nicely. Ends a little weakly IMO. Overall, though, Gillian Flynn writes flawed characters better than anyone else I've read. Definitely recommend along with her other novels.
When a wife goes missing the day of her 5th anniversary, first shock and then chaos ensues,.As you follow the police trail, a mystery begins to unfold. With many characters involved, suspects  keep popping up and secrets from the past are revealed. What happened to Amy? The author keeps you guessing until the end and the resolution is surprising. Gone GIrl is a good summer read or a weekend escape.
I have just finished 'Gone Girl' and wish that she had never returned.  What a lot of garbage...so disappointing especially after reading rave reviews about this utterly awful book.  What a waste of time and money.  Had to finish only to see if it would end up better.  It did not.Gone Girl: A Novel
Well,  it was very different and a bit of a challenge to read.  The last few chapters were interesting, but the ending was just plain pitiful.
Ok, I have to admit I am not a huge Gillian Flynn fan.  In fact, I didn't like her novel Dark Objects very much.  But something prompted me to read Gone Girl, and I'm so glad I did.  This was one of those books that's like an addiction to something that you know is not good for you - the characters are deliberately unlikeable but you can't help reading on and on because you want to know what happens to them and what's making them tick, even though you get this unsettling feeling in your stomach while you're doing it because, heck, you just don't like these people at all.Flynn does a fabulous job of drawing in the reader, going back and forth from the husband's viewpoint and the wife's viewpoint.  And, whoa, what insights the reader gets with each of the main characters! The mystery is intriguing, but it's really the character development and psychological goings-on that are so superbly crafted that you just don't want to put the book down.  When I finished the book, my first thought was, "Wow, SOMEbody has GOT to make a movie out of this!"Brava, Ms. Flynn!
this was not as good as i thought it would be.  at some points the plot seems to drag.  and overall it is somewhat anticlimactic.  i was a little disappointed.
Let me start by saying that you should just go read this, it's a great novel. Don't read any reviews, don't read the blurb on the back, don't read about the author's other work, just read it with no preconceptions as I did. Now, I'm going to assume you've read it so here come the SPOILERS.Firstly, I hear a few people are complaining that the major plot twist was too obvious. Honestly, I think this shows poor appreciation for the art that Flynn put into the tone and style of Amy's diary entries. The Amy of the diary was so in love, so puppy-like, so obviously the victim. It never occurred to me, until the reveal, that she was a diabolical sociopath who took great joy in carefully planning the destruction of other people's lives for the slightest perceived infraction. How could it? I think those who picked this twist were spoiled in some way (&#34;there's a huuuuuge twist&#34;), or perhaps familiar with Flynn's writing style from other books. All cues for an unreliable narrator point to Nick, he openly admits lying on a number of occasions, but not what the lies are, making the reader distrust him. In comparison, Amy of the diary seems all the more trustworthy.The reveal of Andie was masterfully played, and she instantly became my prime suspect. So needy, so incredibly into Nick, that making his pesky wife disappear would be completely plausible. But, I was wrong, and I was relishing the fact that I had completely no idea where this crazy story was going to go next. When I reached Part Two: Boy meets girl and the scope and cunning of Amy's intricate plan is revealed I found it extremely difficult to put the book down.Once Amy is done telling us how amazingly clever she was, I found myself enjoying the novel less. We watch Amy make some very risky decisions with two down-and-out randoms she finds staying in the mountain cabins. Flynn tells us she's putting on another one of her personas, presumably to fit in, but even if this new persona is a risk-taker the behaviour still seems implausible. She watches news coverage about her own death with strangers, showing little regard for what being recognized will mean for her multi-year husband-destruction project. Inevitably this behaviour leads to crisis, which is good because it would have been pretty boring if she just won the game.Unfortunately the next sequence with Desi, while interesting, had a number of holes:- She chooses the worst possible meeting place for someone on the run: a casino, where she is probably captured on dozens of cameras. While Amy isn't carrying an identifiable mobile phone, Desi almost certainly is, and so his movements could be investigated after his murder by looking at cell-phone-tower logs.- It is very likely that Desi had an alibi for the supposed kidnapping timeframe, but the police seem to never investigate this.- Pulling off a second perfect murder frame-job without the benefit of a year of pre-planning is exceedingly unlikely, especially when you are a prisoner, and also the number one suspect in the eyes of the police.- Desi's palatial lake house didn't clean and launder itself. It's likely there were some staff present, or involved peripherally, whose testimony could have weakened Amy's claimed timeline of events.And the ending. It's almost universally hated, and I have to admit I was a hater at first. But it stuck in my mind, and after some reflection I've come around to respect. Nick makes what seems to be a bizarre choice, feeling trapped by his need to protect an unborn child from his psychotic wife, and a real fear of reprisal for leaving her. It seems unlikely that Amy could pull off another outlandish frame-job, but bad choices are completely consistent with Nick's character. As for Amy, she has finally found a way to manipulate a man into exactly what she wants. Thank god it isn't a hollywood ending where the baddies all get caught and go to jail.I've focused mostly on plot here, but the writing is magnificent, I'll leave you with some of my favourite quotes:Ironic people always dissolve when confronted with earnestness, it's their kryptonite.There's something disturbing about recalling a warm memory and feeling utterly coldBut there's no app for a bourbon buzz on a warm day in a cool, dark bar. The world will always want a drink.Sleep is like a cat: It only comes to you if you ignore it.4.5 starsRead more of my reviews at g-readinglist.blogspot.com
Generally I shy away from fiction on the best seller list but I made an exception here after reading the jacket information. With Kindle I find that I often read something without any clue as to the content. I love certain authors, certain subject matter and almost anything which appears on the long or short lists by the folks who compile these for the Booker Prize. This little prejudice stems from the pure crap which often parades as literature these days. This is not to say that just because it is a best seller it isn't literature because in some cases the writing and story line are exceptional. And I have read the Hunger Trilogy, Twilight and the Millennium Trilogy. The latter I consider extremely well written, cleverly laid out and properly paced. I'm not sure how much of that was due to translation. What bothers me is the idea that since sex sells there must an abundance of it and the more graphic the better. Some of the best authors of all times were able to get across the same idea without ever mentioning a body part or actual conduct. But I digress. And this one has a bit more gratuitous bed play and language than I thought necessary. I almost expect the publisher sent it back for a rewrite to put some of that in.The author is a Missouri native but lives in Chicago. The first of her three novels, Sharp Objects, won much critical acclaim but was not as successful as this one.What made me consider this one was the similarity of the description to a disappearance and murder in the Chicago area which without finding the body put the husband on trial in the case of a previous wife who drowned in a bath tub. His latest wife has been gone without a clue for over a year. I would suspect the author might have considered this and wondered how that could happen. The action starts in New York City and then takes us to small town Missouri. The female lead, Amy Elliot (Angelina Jolie as she was in Mr. & Mrs. Smith) is a 30 something writer who was the subject matter of a series of very successful kiddy lit from the time of her youth. Her parents are college professors from the east coast who fictionalized their daughter's life and parlayed it into a fortune. The male lead, Nick Dunne (picture a younger Jeff Daniels) is a writer as well from the Midwest who is a laid back type who just happens to be a good writer and landed a dream job in the Big Apple. When their idyllic world begins to crumble they make a move back to the land of his childhood still peopled with his twin sister, who after all these years is still single, his mom dying of cancer, and his father slipping further and further into fiery Alzheimer's.The culture shock which they initially seek to overcome slips into the background when on their fifth anniversary The Amazing Amy disappears. The crime scene begins to suggest the perp was someone very close to her. When the police run out of clues and ideas it appears they begin to receive help from the other side of the grave. Public reaction is manipulated by both sides with a big assist from the "Media". I could predict some aspects but not the ending. It should be a felony to reveal the outcome of the disappearance of Gone Girl, the Amazing Amy. 2.75* GIBO
I started reading this and was very put off by the overwrought prose and couldn't decide whether or not to continue. Other reviews convinced me to forget it. A lot of hype and lots of trees killed in the name of self-indulgent excess.
I waited almost six months to buy this book and I found I can't put it down. Ican't wait to finish it , there are so many twists and turns that you never see coming.
I had a hard time with this  book. Couldn't put it down but like it was a horrible wreck you can't turn away from. I hope few people are like this!
This was purchased through Amazon audio version, and the cast was spectacular. Their performances pulled my husband and I in for two days. Great characterization, storyline, twists, and suspense. Neither one of us wanted it to end. Amazing, no wonder its still on the NY times best sellers list.
I saw this title on a couple of years best lists, and even though I rarely read crime novels I decided to give it a try.  The characters draw you in and repulse you as well and it's tough to fully commit to an accurate assessment of exactly who either one of the main characters really is.  So many lies and so many twists...it's impossible to keep up!wormtowngirl
Okay, I know I am a fish swimming upstream here (against 7,000 positive reviews), but I feel compelled to agree with the reviewers who disliked this book.  First, let me say I never read book reviews on any website until I have finished the book, due to spoilers and persuasive reviews. However, after reading many of the reviews, I want to speak for my generation (Baby Boomers) and say that the extensive use of the F word and coarse nouns used to refer to both male and female genitalia is totally distasteful in any media.  I found that her course language distracted greatly from the unique plot.  All I could think about while reading this book is that I don't know of a single soul who talks that filthy (either Young or Old).  So, if her purpose was to write a realistic fiction book, it never rang true to me that it was realistic.  I also kept wondering how she could write an R rated book to leave as a legacy for her children and grandchildren (perhaps all the money she is making on this bestseller is a trade-off??).The most positive thing about the book is that Ms Flynn is a very talented writer.  Her plot was unique and intriguing and was the only reason I could finish the book.  Her subplots were also unique and intriguing, but began to be quite tedious about 80% of the way through the book.  Since this book was her "baby", no one can tell her how to write it, of course, but as many of the others commented, the ending did not match her creative writing for the majority of the book.I cannot recommend this book to anyone due to the horrible foul language that Ms Flynn felt compelled to include.  And no, I am not a prude----it was just the way my generation was raised!!!
This book is not very interesting to me.I am having a struggle to care what happens. I rarely give up on a book but this may be the one. I am over half way thru it and keep thinking it will get exciting.What am I missing?
I put this book aside three times before finishing.  Not the worst  book I have read but close.  Guess I expected a happy ending...or justice?  But...duh!!
I had to make myself put this book down.It was filled with unexpected twists and turns that were plausible, but only from a person with a brilliant mind. If you enjoy a psychological thriller, this is the book for you. The author 's genius in this genre.
My first book from this author and I loved it! It read like a psychological thriller.  It's a bit difficult reviewing without giving away the plot twists. As an avid devoured of the thriller suspense genre, I often see plot twist coming from a mile away, however this book had me guessing and outraged and incredulous until the very end. Loved it.
This novel captured my attention right away, and I was curious to see how the story would develop. By midpoint, I began to suspect that the author could not resist adding another, then another, and yet another highly unlikely twist to the story.  I made myself read to the end, and regretted having done so.  This novel is a wearying, endless mess.
Well written and easy to read. The plot was very clever and the characters were portrayed so well. Definitely recommend.
I loved this book and the unexpected turns the story took.  I was not sure how I would feel about the story from the blurb but it sucked me in and I could not stop reading it.  I didn't want to leave for work, I just wanted to stay home and read.  The end was extremely unexpected!  Hurry and get this book!
I am so glad I am finished with this book! There were just so many things I really didn't like about it. I try really hard to not to judge a book to harshly and sometimes after thinking about it for a bit I do revise my view, but I am fairly sure this book isn't going to get better in my mind.The first part of the book I thought drug terribly. I felt like I was trying to walk through molasses. I kept finding other things to do than read, not a good sign at all. I was so excited when a new book became available from the library, that I buckled down to finish this one. I don't like to abandon books, and won't until I have read at least 100 pages.I disliked the way gender was used in this book. It felt kind of slimy to me. It took the absolute worst of both sexes and made that the central theme. It seemed to belittled truly horrible things in the name of entertainment.A rather nitpicking thing that got to me was the lack of consistency with the female detectives name. Sometimes the first name was used, sometimes the last, with no perceivable rhyme or reason. Making me try and remember who the character was through out the book. I didn't catch that being done with other characters leaving me to wonder, why her?There were other things that annoyed me through out the book, but all small enough to be overlooked. I did like the mention of my home town (yay Muscatine). I like that I wasn't able to figure things out to early on
I'm not sure I'd tell people they have to read it, but it certainly held my attention. I didn't expect it to end at all the way it did, which was a very nice surprise. The ending left me with the idea this book was far more than a story. It described any relationship, any marriage, how we let good things go bad. It painted such a dark picture....but was it really so dark, or just normal. I liked the questions it caused me to think.
This book is so much more than about a marriage or a missing wife. Do you really know the person you love? Nick and Amy have a rocky marriage, no one really has a perfect marriage though.This book is written in a way that sucks you in and won't let go. It alternates between current time Nick's perspective and from Amy's diary. I loved the little mini cliffhangers at the end of each side of the story. They suck you in and make you want to continue reading.I was up all night reading this book. I literally could not put it down. The characters just stayed with me. I had to finish it to see if Nick really killed Amy. I highly recommend this book. It's a great book to discuss with friends.
I looked up more work by the author after this book. It was suspenseful, quirky, and very easily read. I would recommend it to anyone!
This book is a suspenseful, psychological thrill ride filled with evil genius twists and turns.  Although I thought the ending was incredibly boring and anticlimactic (I was hoping for something more like a "War of the Roses" grand finale), I thought the book was well written and it definitely held my attention.  It won't be for everyone, but I highly recommend it and cannot wait to read more from this author!
Gone Girl is an excellent read! It is quite suspenseful and you will never predict the ending, but not for a lack of trying. I searched for more novels/books from this author it was so good. Definitely a can't-put-it-down read! I highly recommend this novel.
Awesome book.  Loved all the twists.  Definitely a hard book to put down the further you get into it. It is a must read.
the book definitely kept me on the edge of my seat but the ending was terrible, especially after all the build up
A book full of suspense and twists.  Everytime you think you have the plot figured out it takes a turn.  Great reading.  Crazy characters.  Brilliant writing!
This book isn't worth paying for. I wouldn't recommend the story even if it were free, because you cannot get the time back. The entire first half is a struggle to keep reading because its so boring. The second half gets interesting, and gives you hope, only to drag on way too long. By the end you don't care one bit about the characters, you are just begging for it to resolve and be over. And then it doesn't. This book is truly a disappointment.
The first 1/4 of the book was a little boring, and next 1/4 went pretty much as I expected, midway the book became interesting because there were different twists and turns to the final ending, which was a complete shocker!
"Diabolical" is the word that comes to mind.  Flynn makes good use of switching first-person points of view and other gimmicks to craft a first-rate psychological thriller. This is not the book to read if you like your thriller/mysteries tidy. Its plot twists and turns and borders on the outlandish--and you'll either love or hate the ending. It's a stunning, uncomfortable dissection of a disintegrating marriage and the sociopathic mind. Definitely not a book you'd want to give as a wedding gift...
The writer obviously ran out of words - ended abruptly and stupidly.  My opinion (such as it is), could have been a grand book had the writer given thought to ending.
This book wasn't anything I thought it would be but I really enjoyed reading.  It was a real page turner and quite a surprise twist near the ending.  Very well written.
It's an amazing story written with each person, husband and wife writing the events as they impacted them. I found it a good read, written well. But, I must say, disturbing.
Gone Girl offers so much of what I look for in a book - a compelling plot that makes it impossible to stop reading.  I found myself reading on lunch hours, at red lights, and late into the night.  The end of nearly every chapter left me with a strong compulsion to start the next one.  Just when I thought I knew where the book was heading, it took an unexpected turn, up until the very end!What happens when a wife suddenly goes missing on her fifth anniversary from a once-perfect, but now crumbling marriage.  Of course, the husband is a suspect.  The husband is always a suspect and in this case, the husband is also very suspect (the adjective, as in suspicious).In addition to an edge-of-your-seat plot, the book also offered distinct setting and (mostly) realistic characters.Unfortunately, the book took a hard-to-swallow turn toward the end, but unpredictable to the end, this is a book well worth reading!
Found the book interesting.  I expected a different outcome and was a bit annoyed it didn't end as I expected.  However, I guess that's what makes it unique. Very unique way of moving the plot along by using the two different voices.
I wasn't sure what to think half-way through this book. But in the end I'm glad I read it. Lot's of foul language, but the characters were complex. I'd recommend it.
WOW! I whipped through this book -- couldn't wait to see what was coming next. Great writing from different points of view. I'm very surprised to see some low ratings from other readers. My guess is that ...SPOILERSPOILERSPOILER... these readers didn't like the ending because it could be construed as vague and wasn't what they may have expected. But I wholeheartedly recommend the book for readers who are looking for a well-written and unique story. Can't wait for the movie version!
This book seemed pretty straight forward in the beginning, however, it keeps you guessing at every turn of the page.  It was a fantastic mystery with extremely complex characters.
This book kept me guessing and turning the pages.  I enjoyed it- even when I didn't like any of the characters.  Ultimately, it's an easy read that doesn't require much thought or hold hidden meanings.  Would recommend it!
Interesting book, and well written, a bit long though, especially after you know what really happened, and I did not like the end:(
The Gone Girl is a page-turner thriller/mystery. Reading chapter after chapter and finding out something else as a surprise to do with the two main characters; husband and wife--Amy and Nick Dunne. They thought  that they were meant for each other, but find  out otherwise. All the characters are strong- the story is also strong to the reader. The story continues to have twist and turns as it goes along. No spoilers here--that would give away too much.The only reason it got just 4 stars was because of the flaccid ending and overuse of bad language. But, that may be because the author was trying to make a point of the characters' personalities.
After a deceptively slow start, this story pulls you along; almost against your will, wading piece by piece through who did what and who lied when.I bought this book because I wanted to get my impressions from the book rather than the movie. Having read it I'm almost afraid to see the movie for fear the production will have ruined the story. The casting gives me hope. I can just see Ben Affleck as the self-involved Nick and Rosamund Pike as the coldly brilliant Amy.
I couldn't put it down in the beginning but it kind of fizzled out, as though the author didn't quite know where to go with it.
I will be very surprised if this is not made into a movie.  It has all the plots and subplots and keep-you-guessing that makes a good movie.  The author has written it in a way that even keeps a mystery expert wondering.  The way the days and the speaker are intertwined makes for great reading and keeps the pages turning.  The only reason I gave it a 4 is the ending.  It disappointed me, and yet, if I stopped to think about it, it is just the way a Hitchcock might end.  It certainly was a fantastic read, and I can see why it ended up on so many Top Ten lists for 2012.
I really enjoyed this book. It held my interest right till the bitter end. Many twists and turns&#8230; I do wish I could have written a different ending. But I must admit, I didn't see it coming. I will certainly read more books by this author.
Most novels lean more towards character development OR plot, but Flynn is a master of both.  She takes the foibles of the male stereotype to the nth degree.  The sophisticated humor is spot on.  The plot twists and the suspense are also superb.  Up to the point of the exodus from the cabin, I was enthralled with the author's expertise.  From there (perhaps harkening back to the latter part of that other novel set in the Hannibal area--HUCKLEBERRY FINN--that also loses momentum at the end) I was disappointed.  The machinations of plot took on the unbelievablility of the absurd.  The reader suffers through the development of Nick as a character, and then the novel ends abruptly, as if Flynn got tired of weaving plot sequences and took an easy out.  A comic character (is that Nick?) usually is fraught with woes until the denouement where he is in some way redeemed.  This conclusion has no redeeming quality, no justice served, no satisfying finality.  Amy is a dark character who never evolves, never is outed.  Where IS a denouement?!
Outstanding suspense, this book keeps you guessing until the end. Well writing and entertaining. I really will recommend this book
Rarely do I ever yell out while reading a book but this one did the trick. So many "Holy S***" moments. I'm still sitting here with my mouth slack. Ok it's over. Jeez.
This story was good but not my favorite. I dropped it so many times because it couldn't hold my attention long enough.
I liked the book, but I felt it defied logical actions and am not sure about the ending.  It is certainly isa very interesting book to read and is worth reading and discussing.I would recommend it, as it is a book that is un-put-downable.
One of the most original and entertaining books I have ever read. Almost weirdly obsessed with it. The details and voices were perfect. The theme was like a jolt of electricity. Best dialogue I have read in forever. Such a great dark comedic book. Loved it. Sorry it had to end. There was a lot of discussion about a disappointing ending, but i think it was startling and scary and cringe worthy--just perfect. OMG what if Amy was my mother?
It took you a while to get into the book,but about half way through it really got going and was a really good book! Would of gave all stars if I did not take so long to get going!
I don't know when I've read a book with so many plot twists. I thought I knew "whodunit" early on, then decided it was all red herrings. Turns out I didn't even know "what", much less "who".One complaint: The excessive (in my opinion) foul language that begins in the middle of the book.
Really good book.  Had you guessing.  Characters that you love, and love to hate.  I can't wait until she writes her next book.
I did not like this book at all.quit it many times.but as i paid for it, i eventually finished. The whole story was a mess, and i hate it when they keep jumping from one to another.  She just is not my style of writer.
I read this book on my Kindle where you can see what percentage you have completed.  At 40% it was finally beginning to get interesting.  It is written from two points of view, the husband and the wife.  If you find it difficult to switch back and forth it will be somewhat confusing.  Some parts are predictible, and some intriguing.  I am not fond of the ending but that's just me.  I guessed what would happen but I think it's because I read quite a bit.  I am not sure I would read another of her books entirely, but I would give it a try.
Not your usual good guy- bad guy book. it was well written and certainly gave the reader a 360 degree look at both Nick & Amy.  The ending left me saying &#34;what the&#34; . A lot of twists to this story.If you love crime books this story will give you a fresh take.......really enjoyed this one.
This book and author came out of nowhere and truly blew me away. I loved the ending it really wasn't what I was expecting and I adore the character Amy. She's a psychotic bitch but she's kind of the s*** (:
Neither the man or the woman main characters were like able.  The book felt like the beginning of a story not finished.
Amazing plot line and writing style.  No spoilers here... Get through the first third of the book and you will NOT believe how deeply involved and invested you are into these characters.  You will not be able to put this book down.  Start reading early in the day because you will not put it down until all is revealed and done.Anyone who has gone through a troubled marriage will definitely relate to this story.  The author has dissected a troubled marriage with a fine scalpel and allowed us to further examine the remaining pieces... to our disbelief.  Be prepared for an unsuspected ending.
A thriller most of the time. Sometimes hard to believe.  Sometimes boring.  Written well with many good details.  I don't know anyone like this
This mystery was presented in a unique way that kept me hungry for more.  The back and forth presentation between today's events and the diary from the past created a delicious tension.  This is one of those books that I was sorry had ended and I'm hoping there is a sequel
Well done!  A one day read.  Characters are incomprehensible.  Am amazing insight into the criminal and devious mind of a psycho - maybe two psychos!
It was too slow moving.  As a matter of fact I was very disappointed in this book. I certainly would not recommend this book.
My sister recommended this as a great read.  She wasn't exaggerating.  This book is a winner.  The writing is flawless.  It's a slightly slow starter, but once you get going, this is a page turner.  It's been hailed by mid to high-brow readers and the only thing I cannot understand, is the low-star rating given by some of the reviewers.  This author is going to soar.  Excellent!
I enjoyed reading this book and it was  hard to put down but I will say I was very disappointed in the ending. I understand it, but didn't like it.
I was extremely disappointed with the ending of this book. It was one of the most ridiculous endings I have seen in a while. The sad part is that she had a good plot going on and it draws you in and keeps you interested. The ending just made the book a total bummer for me!!
Crazy meets crazy.  I loved how the auther took you from past to present.  Great reading.  You'll never guess the ending.
One of the worst books I have read. I kept going waiting for it to get better also I am not a quitter. Why or why did I keep reading?
I absolutely love Gillian Flynn's style of writing.  It is very descriptive and clever, and she does a nice job of combining creepy plotlines with dark humor.  "Sharp Objects" was a flawed but promising debut novel.  But she really stepped up her game with "Dark Places", which was fantastic.  Now Flynn is releasing her third novel, "Gone Girl", and I'm happy to say it is as great as I had hoped.It's difficult to describe the plot without revealing spoilers, so here is a general non-spoiler summary:  Nick and Amy Dunne are a typical young professional couple in New York City.  Nick is a laid-back Midwestern guy who moved to the East Coast for his magazine career.  Amy is a born-and-bred Manhattan trust fund baby.  They are a fun and vibrant couple, and described in the book as extremely attractive.However, circumstances lead them to move back to Nick's small hometown (small town living is a common theme in all of Flynn's books).  Amy feels like a fish out of water, but does the best she can.  She isn't that happy, and their marriage is faltering.  And on the morning of their fifth anniversary, Amy disappears.  The remainder of the book describes the search for Amy and the investigation into who was involved in her disappearance.  You'll love this book if you're into watching those true crime mysteries featured on "Dateline NBC" and "48 Hours".The book is written in the first-person view, from both the husband and wife's vantage point.  Flynn has fun with this as she gets to be inside the head of both characters.  The beginning portion of the novel was a great insight into a courtship and marriage- she does an excellent job of describing the highs and lows of a relationship.  Despite being a missing person mystery, the book contains quite a bit of dark humor that will have you smiling.The plot moves slowly at times- don't expect a fast-paced thriller with plot twists at the end of every chapter.  But I would still consider this a page-turner and I was very eager to finish it and find out what really happened to Amy.  This novel is both haunting and entertaining.
This book was terrible!! Amy was a spiteful bitch and the husband was a dumbass!! And don't get me going on the parents, and the sister  ugh!!! I can't believe I just wasted the last few days of my life reading this dribble, uuuugggghhhh!!!! Don't waste your time reading this , please find anything else!!!! Your friend Donna Lois Engle, avid reader of all good reading!!!!
And that is generous.Freedom of speech so don't pummel me!!!!The first 25% was like brainstorming in a locked room over overly intelligent tweakers.Then it got better BUT the who done it part became painfully obvious. Did we not see Amazing Amy and her whoa is me twisted as fu@@ mentality? Always be afraid of the brilliant. Nick was smart oblivious he could have never/ would have never put THAT much effort into Amy!An important lesson learned? The grass is never greener. Nick shouldn't have cheated, punishment earned but not the punishment he got. No one deserved that. Ozark Amy and captive Amy. If anyone deserves punishment she does.The worst/best line of the book. Something along the lines of our love is like a beautiful cancer....The ending... I HATE it. I know people were disappointed by it but my feeling runs much stronger than that. Why do I hate it so much? Do you just how many brilliantly guilty people are free and how many less intelligent innocent people are in prison. Th thought of Amy reproducing makes me sick, the way she did it, even sicker. For the kids sake I hope crazy skips a generation. I hope Amy gets what she deserves but she won't. Nick may feel sorry because Amy has to wake up as herself BUT she actually won. I feel pretty bad for him.
I almost put this book down without finishing...something I rarely do.  The plot seemed so transparent and the dialogue so sappy it was almost nauseating.  What an incredible twist!  I was completely sucked in by this author...ha ha ha ha...what a great 'gotcha' surprise!  Loved every minute of this book by the time it ended.....pure entertainment.
Great book.  It really keeps you guessing until the end.  Unexpected twists and turns.  I would highly recommend this book.
**SPOILER ALERT**I was at around 30% of this book and immediately wanted to give it a 5 stars. At 60%, I was down to 4 stars and when I was at around 80%, still HOPING against all HOPE that HE would come out of this winning and then didn't, my immediate reaction was NO friggin' way! There HAS to be a book #2. I mean, who would do that, end a book like that? And there's going to be a movie made out of this? No. Just no. I gave it a 3 stars for the first 2 parts of the book. The 3rd part, not so much.I still can't believe the book ended this way. Bleh.
It is no wonder this is a book club favorite.  It is just that good!  Won't give any more details; you just have to read it.
Reviewed by C. PerrotEver heard the expression &#8230;&#8221;Oh, what a tangled tale we weave?&#8221;  I have, and it&#8217;s the first expression that comes to mind when reading the novel &#8220;Gone Girl&#8221; by Gillian Flynn.First, it is important for you to know that I am an avid reader. While most people read, I devour. Some people, maybe even people like you, may take a week or longer to read a book. Know that in that time, I may have read three. Having said that, I am usually pretty quick in seeing how the story will end. I can read the first three chapters of a book and figure out how the book is going to go. And, I will admit, I am usually spot on. That changed with &#8220;Gone Girl.&#8221; Boy did that ever change. While reading this enthralling book, I never know what was around the corner. Not to sound clich&eacute;, but this book had more twists and turns than the scariest roller coaster at Busch Gardens. As I read, I was amazed at all the nuances. Amy, the antagonist, is so clever. I can&#8217;t believe how she schemed! Who thinks like that? It is indescribable and unbelievable!! And poor Nick. He is such a perfect victim. I can&#8217;t recall ever reading a book where I am rooting so hard for the protagonist!!!Now&#8230; to delve or not to delve into the details of this story, that is the question? Let me just say this - If you want to find out for yourself, I guess this is a good time for you to stop reading. Nick and Amy are husband and wife. What seemed like the most unlikely of couples...She the debutante; he the quiet, nerdy type. Yet, they were both writers. They connected. They tried to make it work. Really, they did - from New York City all the way to Missouri.  In spite of all this, neither was happy. The marriage was coming to the end. They both knew it. Before it could end, though, Amy disappears. Oh yes, it seems mysterious.  And yes, it unfolds before our eyes.  As far as the world knows, Amy has been killed. And it seems, undoubtedly, that Nick had killed her. Every piece of evidence points to him.  It&#8217;s indisputable!  What appears to be an undeniable, inescapable, ready to be convicted murder, everything points to Nick.But we know better.One of the things that great about this book is the point of view from which this story is told. We live this story from both perspectives; alternating chapters from Nick to Amy. (I really like books written in this format.) Another great thing about this book is the sequence of events.  The book has three &#8220;parts.&#8221;  Part one is &#8220;Boy Loses Girl.&#8221; Part two is &#8220;Boy Meets Girl, and part three is &#8220;Boy Gets Girl Back (Or Vice Versa).  As the novel progresses, we see not only both sides of the story, but also the time frame in which the events occur. In all, &#8220;Gone Girl&#8221; by Gillian Flynn, is a roller-coaster of a book. If you are ready to read a gripping book with unexpected twists and turns, then this book is for you.Just one warning: When you are done with this book, you are not done with Gillian Flynn! You will be on your device and ready to download another of her books.
Great mysterious novel. I had a hard time putting it down. Ending was fitting to the story in my opinion.
i bought this book soon after it was published and never got around to reviewing it.  obviously now it's caught on and you already know it's great.  cant wait to see the movie!
Just a summer read, certainly not great literature.  Got boring at times but also intriguing at times.  Not a keeper.
This was a book of several complicated plots, all of which sadly seemed to fizzel out at the very end. It was almost that Flynn could not figure out who (husband or wife) should prevail at the book's conclusion. But right up until the last page, this was one damn good book. A real psychopathic symbiotic marriage relationship that appears to succeed, at first due to fear, but ultimetely due to a sickly reliance on one another.
This was an interesting read. The plot had lots of twists and when you thought you knew what was going to happen the author changed it up. It was a little wordy at times and somewhat repetitive but still interesting.
A very good book....a page turner...good characterization and plot! The surprises in the story made you want to keep reading!
I started slow, then it sucked me in. I kept thinking, why did he do it?  Then the story turned and I couldn't put it down...then the ending.  I would have rated higher but the characters got too weird at the end.
So much of this story is messed up; not in a cool way but in a way that when it ended I went &#34;What the hell did I just read.&#34; Has a lot of &#34;mystery&#34; and crime solving aspects, but really the ending was awful. I was looking forward to see how she could end it and she picked the worst way.
Just when you thought you had it all figured out, you find out that you didn't. Was really interesting.  Already loaned it to my grandaughter.
I read this last Summer and couldn't put it down.  A really great read, good twists and keeps u hooked throughout.
I didn't care a lot for this book because of the language and I didn't like any of the characters in the book.  A whole bunch of dysfunctional, unlikable people.  Other than the ingenious ways they had of torturing each other, which had me hoping there weren't really people like that in the world,  I didn't find it interesting.
This book was chosen by members of my book club and I wanted to &#34;get ahead &#34; with my reading.  I could not believe that someone could be so coniving and planning ahead to get people to react in their favor.  How dysfunctional was this girls family?  Is this a chess game?  I ultimately felt sorry for everyone in  this women's life.
Frustrating story........crazy ending.  I wouldn't read it again.  Cannot say more, read awhile ago. That's all I want to say.
Very scary to find out the person you married and thought you loved turns out to be a psychotic disturbed person.
This is by far one of the worse books I've read in a long time.  The characters were totally unbelievable.  I was never convinced of the reality of the action throughout the entire book.  The characters were unlikeable and the behavior of all of them was completely unrealistic.  From the husband  to the wife to her parents and all the other characters - I could not fathom why they behaved as they did.  You couldn't possibly believe the wife was dead, you couldn't possibly believe the husband's reactions were even remotely reasonable, you couldn't possibly believe the parents blew away all their money and then so nonchalantly ask the wife for her trust fund money.  I could go on and on.  Nonsensical story!  Can't believe people thought the book had any validity.  It had to be the shock factor that numbed readers brains because the actions just didn't add up. Any man who would even consider allowing this insane person to be the mother of his child isn't too tightly wrapped himself.  A shocker, but so far-fetched it wasn't worth the time it took to read.
This book kept me in suspense the whole time I was reading it, It was very hard to put it down! The only thing I was annoyed with was the ending. Not giving anything away here but I definitely feel it needs a sequel!!!
The plot went on well past its &#34;due date,&#34; and the ending felt weak as the main characters limped off the last pages. I would not recommend this book to serious readers.
Story line was very intriging but there was a bit of rambling in parts of the book.  If you want a sence of finality, this book is not for you.  The book did not end, it just stopped.
I have not read this book yet. Looking forward to doing so. I have another book that I will be reading first.
This book made me think.  It seemed so predictable as it started out, but then the plot took big swerves one way and then the other.  I read it fast, and thought it was an interesting experience book.  .
The book was captivating at the beginning.  I stopped reading it part way through as it was boring and unbelievable.  It could have done with a few hundred less words in total, however I quickly skimmed to the end to see how it turned out.  Based on this one I have no desire to read any more of Flynn's books.
This book kept me guessing and eventually you made your own conclusion.  I decided at the end that they deserved each other
Started slow and was wondering why such a seller and then I got into it.  All the twists and turns makes it a must read!
What was expected was a well written mystery yarn.What was found was an innovative presentation with  twists & turns & an unexpected ending.
While reading this book, I thought it was one of the better books I've read, very clever, etc. Until about the last 50 pages. Really??? You couldn't have come up with a better ending?? I closed the book when I finished and just stared into space, thinking "What just happened?" I hadn't read any of her previous books, but was considering doing just that.......until the ending of this book. I wouldn't recommend this book.
This book was a big surprise to me and I loved it!!  If you like a book that does not go as you think it will, this is your choice.
This was really hard to put down every turn of the page you'd think nick had her. He really was some what of a wuss!!!!
Lots of twists and turns.  Definitely had me fooled which is not easy to do.  Once you start it, it will be hard to put down.  Love books like this.
I liked this book a lot  - it was a fun read that makes you think a lot who you hate more - him or her!  I thought there was so much thought out about this book!
Probably the most obnoxious book I have ever read, and I have read plenty of good, fascinating books in my 82 years. The story started out "kind of good", just enough to make me think there would be a delightful twist at the end. Just the opposite, the really stupid depressing ending.
Too wordy.  Takes forever to get any of the story out.  Seems like a contest to see how many adjectives can be used to describe any little bit.
I am really glad that I stuck with this novel.  My wife bought this for me because she had heard great things about it.  I had seen a lot of hype over it and thought that I would give it a shot.  I have to be honest, I probably started and stopped reading this book about four times before I could finally get into it.  It probably took me until about the chapter titled: Amy Elliott Dunne, April 21,2009, diary entry before I was hooked.  By then I had gotten into the rhythm of the back and forth of the points-of-view of Nick and Amy as well as the flashbacks from the past and the current events.  I truly enjoyed that I could not tell for a long time who was the villain and who was the victim.  I also could not tell for a long time IF there had even been a crime.  I do not want to give the ending away so I will say that the reason why I did not give this five stars was because the character that is the villain, is a real psychopath.  It felt a little over the top. I know we all have to suspend disbelief when we are reading fiction and part of the reason we may read these books is for a brief escape and/or to live vicariously through the story but, c'mon - really?  Is anyone really this twisted and vindictive?  By the end of the story, I actually felt sorry for the 'victim'.  I also felt sorry that another victim is roped into the villain's warped life.  All in all, I did enjoy reading this book and it did keep me guessing. I would recommend this to people and suggest that if the beginning is a little slow for you - keep with it and there is a good chance that you may end up enjoying this novel.
This book was slow starting but picked up fast and furious.  It was hard putting it down.  The story & characters are "different".  If you like "Defending Jacob" you will like this book.  BUT my major complaint was the ending.  It did not tie things up and a very disappointing finish.
I down loaded this book from Amazon.com to my Kindle Fire. The Author Gillian Flynn did a good job writing this e-book. The style of writing with the introduction of the main characters diary worked and drew me into the e-book even more. The e-book reads very well and you will glide across the pages, which is conformation that is it well written. The story is also well structured moving from each character into their scenes. The plot and pace of the e-book picked up and made me want to turn the page. The story should connect with a wide audience because it has the theme of a bad marriage throughout the e-book. How people will go to great lengths to bring pain and suffering to someone they married is pretty common and strange at the same time. There were large spaces in between words throughout the e-book, and that was very distracting. This version of the e-book needs a little work or the author should look into the formatting issue, if they want to put out a good quality e-book. Overall the e-book is a good read but the e-version lowered the bar in quality and stopped me from feeling like I got my money's worth. I could not help but feel a little cheated. I paid top dollar price for the e-book but did not get the same back in this e-book. I have and would recommend this e-book to a friend.
I won't ruin it for you but if you are an avid reader, this one should be on your list. Guy or Gal.
This book immediately draws you into the plot.  You are sucked in the moment you get through the first chapter.  I enjoyed the basic plot but as a reader you can easily figure out what will happen about a third of the way in.  But figuring out &#34;who done it&#34; is not the point.  It is mostly a journey into the psyche of the two main characters and all of their dysfunctions.  I found myself rooting for each of them through out the book, then being surprised and a little disappointed by the ending.  This is not to say the ending was inappropriate or lazy writing, it is that you hoped more for the characters and realize that how it ends is just how it is should be, and it is disappointing for them.I encourage this book for a good psycho thriller, but if you're looking for a who done it mystery something else might be in order.
Gillian Flynn's dizzying, addictive thriller wants to ask you a question: how well do you know the person you're married to? Are you confident you actually know what they're capable of?Maybe you should keep some protection close by. Just in case.Something terrible happens on the morning of Nick and Amy Dunne's fifth anniversary. Amy vanishes without a trace, leaving behind evidence of a struggle in their home on the Mississippi River. What happened that day gets teased out slowly as the narrative shifts between Nick's narrative of the investigation and Amy's diary entries leading up to the fateful day. Nick publicly claims to be innocent but can't help coming across the wrong way to the police and media who descend on the scene. It doesn't help that he admits (to the reader) to keeping secrets from the police and his family. Nick isn't who he is trying to appear to be, but is Amy?Appearances are very important in Gone Girl--how we may present different versions of ourselves to the world depending on the circumstance, and especially how they can be dangerously misleading. Marriage (specifically as a long-term relationship) is also key. Of course, Gone Girl takes a common problem (how do you keep the magic alive after the courtship is over?) and takes it to an extreme (how far are you willing to go to get revenge on someone who stopped trying/stopped pretending?), but that's the nature of a thriller.To say anything more about the plot would do the reading experience a great disservice. Gone Girl is a book that depends on its twists, and this is the rare case when an author manages to pull off every single one of them. Best of all is that she knows when to stop. I've read far too many mystery/thriller authors who just can't resist having one last surprise (*cough*MICHAELCONNELLY*cough*), and it almost always makes an otherwise good book ridiculous. Not so with Gillian Flynn.If I were still working in a bookstore this would be my book of the summer. Without a doubt. Going to the beach? Need something to read on the plane? Want something fun to read that isn't completely brainless? Depressed that the 50 Shades of Grey books have become so ubiquitous? Just looking for something good to read? This is the book for you. Now go get it. Go. Now.Grade: B+PS Upon finishing this, a friend told me that none other than Reese Witherspoon has acquired the film rights and is going to star in the movie version. She was disappointed (she pictured Charlize Theron), but I'm really excited about it.Really excited.
Lots of twists,and turns, not sure who to believe, entertaining and can't put it down in the second half.  Treat your spouse well!
This book is outstanding.  You really don't know what will happen at the end.  It is nerve-wracking.  Anyone who wants to read something well-written and enjoyable should read this.
Leaves you wonder where it is going, the writing style is unique, the characters intriging.  It is a possible reread
Beware of reviews!  This book is too good to spoil by learning too much about it first.It's a rarity, a whodunit that doesn't depend upon 1) main characters turning stupid in order for the plot to unfold or 2) plot elements being withheld by narrators who were aware of them.The book begins on a 5th wedding anniverary, when the wife disappears.  Her husband, an unreliable narrator, admits at the start that he has told some lies.  He just doesn't tell us what they are yet.  The clues the book lays down are later taken up and put to use.I hesitate to say more.  The plot is complex, the characters are intriguing, and you'll be emotionally engrossed. Gone Girl is great fun and you won't be able to put it down.
&#34;Book One&#34; gets things off to a great start with a clever narrative device: interleaving and contrasting the wife's diary entries with the husband's telling of the story.Once that's over, though, the book loses some of its momentum, and by the end has devolved into a more conventional &#34;he said, she said&#34; tale of counter-accusations and grudges, with an ending that seemed rather abrupt.That said, I enjoyed the novel quite a bit and don't want to discourage anyone from reading it. I guess I was just expecting to be knocked out, given all the hype surrounding the book.
Did smirking Nick Dunne kill his gorgeous, albeit pampered, young wife? As I read for clues, the plot twists kept coming but I persevered ... persevered ... persevered - stop. Alas, about two thirds into the story, "Gone Girl" lost me.Flynn's mindbender is peppered with clever asides about marriage, co-dependence, and the perils of marrying a sociopath, but it's also decidedly lacking in sympathetic characters; if her people aren't flat-out crazy, then they're something conceivably worse: relentlessly cynical. But we all love a good villain, and the cat-and-mouse shenanigans between the less-than-perfect Dunnes are often delicious (imagine Nick and Nora Charles with homicidal streaks). The problem here is plot: There are simply too many "yeah, right" moments.
Loved this novel, enjoyed the suprises and the dual inside their head's style of writing.Did not expect most of the twists, captivating book.
Although the first half of the book was interesting and intertaining the second half was mundane and slow moving and not at all believable,which a mystery who-dunit should be.  The book was 100 pages longer than it needed to be and the detectives were made out to be idiots on both cases.  I do not recommed this book.
It 's very disturbing to me that there are people out there that treat their so called loved ones like that.
Gone Girl was one of the best books I've read in a long time. I'm an impatient reader - I need a fast-paced plot that draws me in immediately in order to fully commit to a novel, and that's what I got with Gone Girl. The story is told in alternating points of view, from the perspectives of Nick (husband and prime suspect) and the diary of Amy (the woman who's gone missing). Each character is richly developed with deliciously dark humor woven into the narrative. The author keeps the reader wondering, and the constant, unpredictable twists in the plot were what kept me turning pages in the middle of the night.I have to agree with other reviewers on the only negative of this novel - the ending was indeed a disappointment. Up until the final two pages of this 400+ page novel, I was fully invested in the story and needed to know the outcome. Apart from this minor let-down, Gone Girl is deserving of five stars.
Although the book started a bit slowly, it was a very exciting read and soon I couldn't put it down!
This book was an excellent read.  When I first started reading it, I thought "Agatha Christie".  But the further I got, I decided it was more "Hitchcock".The story opens with a young couple getting ready to celebrate their 5th wedding anniversary.  The husband leaves for a few hours, and when he comes back, he finds his wife is gone and what appears to have been a scuffle, has occurred in the house.  The rest of the story reveals (in a very clever manner), how the couple got to that point in their relationship, and then what happens over the next several months.  I highly recommend it, especially if you love trying to figure out a mystery.
I could not put this book down! The diary entries made this book! I couldn't wait to get to each passing entry to get more details about Amy and Nick.
I enjoyed reading &#34;Gone Girl&#34; as I usually do with Psychological thrillers. I don't worry too much about accuracies or inconsistencies and generally am happy to forgetReality and move into a different imaginary world when I read fiction.Part 1 I found a bit slow and it took me a week to read it. At the end I was convinced that Nick was a nasty piece of work the way he treated his nice wife Amy. Part 2 I find that Amy is really a lot worse than Nick. Part 3 brought it together for a fitting conclusion. The novel gained pace and interest in parts 2 and 3 which took me less than a week to read.The writing style was excellent and appropriate to the genre in my view. The alternate narrative/ diary, narrative/narrative of the two partners kept me interested by providing information and questions at the same time. Nick's story about his trip to the beach, for example, raised more questions than it gave answers. The story kept building with sudden dramatic and scary twists.Some of the things I take away from the novel. Speculation of what can happen when parents exploit their children as Amy's parents did in using her life as a money making concern for &#34;Amazing Amy&#34;. Speculation of how upper middle class childhood can turn one into a sociopath like Amy suffering from affluenza.. How partners in a marriage try to change the other rather than just accepting them as they are. A common feature of a lot of marriages.. How people role-play for others such as Amy the &#34;cool girl&#34; not turning Nick into a &#34;dancing monkey&#34;.. How beta males behave in relationships. Nick was seeking a girl friend that just liked him as a man, an authority figure like a teacher to look up to without looking deeper. Another visit, although in the form of a novel, to two parts of the world I really appreciate New York and the Mississippi river.All in all I give it 4 stars but suspect the movie (coming out later this year) might be a better form for this story than a book.
Sections 1 & 2 were good reads, characters were interesting. Section 3 and ending were very disappointing. Even though you figured out who did by the Section 3 the ending is a huge let down and very anti-climatic. I can't see this ending in a movie.
I would have loved this book if it were just what it seems to be, a well-written examination of a common-enough crime (hell, there's a whole television channel that airs almost nothing but Snapped and shows about women abducted by men)-- a beautiful wife disappears mysteriously.Maybe the husband killed her. Probably, even.The first half of the book is primarily in the pov of Nick Dunne, whose wife Amy mysteriously vanishes in what looks like a home break-in on the day of their fifth anniversary. They are living in Missouri, where he grew up, having moved back when his mother fell ill with cancer. The couple had both lost glam journalism jobs in NYC. Amy is also the model for the "Amazing Amy" children's books written by her parents, and a very wealthy, beautiful woman. We also read her diary entries from the time she met Nick until her vanishing, and he comes across as increasingly moody and distant.Flynn is a master at the subtle reveal of details. Nick talks about his "disposable cell phone" ringing. Hired killer calling? Girlfriend?The writing is outstanding, funny and vivid. Amy is portrayed as controlling by Nick, leaving clues to an annual anniversary treasure hunt that he sees as a trap to his having forgotten something she'll be mad about... then we see through her eyes how hopeful and loving she is.Gradually we have some things revealed.. we sense Nick is holding back. He is. Hell, he tells us he's lying.But does that mean he killed her?If the book did nothing else, it would be a great book, kind of the way "Room" is a terrific book from the pov of someone kidnapped and held hostage for years, and doesn't need to be more than that. But this is not just an inside look at a wife murder.There's a twist, and then another twist, and then another twist.I just couldn't put the book down-- but not for plot only. There is great, vivid, fnny writing, from the pov of both Amy and from Nick.I know some people felt disappointed at the ending. I didn't. I felt the author had actually wrapped up everything that needed to be wrapped up and I realize I was kind of hoping something like that would happen.In the end, the only two people who really know what happened between them are Nick and Amy. But that's how it is in any relationship. Great read, great book, great writer.
The first half of this book is so masterful that it makes the second half feel like a tragic betrayal. I don't normally read crime novels, but the great reviews and wide media coverage of Gone Girl made me want to check it out. I was initially mesmerized. The subtle psychological elements, the genius way in which two very different--eerily, ominously different--portraits of the same marriage unfold, all make you feel as though you are in the hands of a formidable storyteller. You're aware that there must be a "twist" coming which would explain the conflicting stories of husband and wife, but when it does come, it is so profoundly silly and unbelievable that it unravels the finely wrought work of the first half of the novel. And it only gets sillier from there. The last quarter of the book reads not like a suspenseful thriller but like the script of some awful 80's made-for-TV movie.Such an incredible start, such a shambles of a finish.
So many bad cliches and tricking the reader made me cringe through most of the book. Also, the characters were completely unbelievable. Admittedly, it started as a page turner, but then when she pulled the ole and-then-I-woke-up, I lost interest.
Love the book. A co-worker recommended this book and she was right. It is a page turner and kept me guessing. Beware of the foul language. Other than that great book. Can't wait to read some of her other books.
Clearly the author has talent and has prepared an intricate plot that will suck you in, but in the end, I just felt like I needed a bath.  This is a novel about sick people living out sick and even criminal acts.  Not my cup of tea.
Plenty of unexpected turns to the story and thought provoking twists to the plot.  Great read and I will read more of Gillian Flynns' work!
I thought this was a great book. It sucked me in and I couldn't put it down. I didn't see any of the twists and turns coming ahead of time. I've already started reading another book by the same author. On my definitely recommend list.
I just finished all 3 of her books. Gone Girl was the easiest read and not quite as dark as the other two. I couldnt put "Gone Girl" down, but it had the weakest ending. My least favorite was "Sharp Objects" altho I enjoyed the book. Reading about cutters is not that interesting for me. Altho if you want to climb inside a cutter's head to read why they do it - you may find it compelling. "Dark Places" is the "darkest" of the three books. But, for me, the best.
This was a page turner! I thought I could guess the ending, but I didn't. Genius plot! Great writing! Surprising twists and turns. There were a few things I figured out, but it's so twisted you just can't guess. These are characters you love and hate at the same time. I highly recommend.
The first 90 percent of this novel is a unique mix of gripping thriller and marital drama; the final 5 to 10 percent falls flat on its face.  Was I expecting a &#34;Hollywood ending&#34;?  No, not really... but I was expecting some kind of meaningful closure, a resolution that doesn't simply leave the audience saying, &#34;oh, okay... that's bleak.&#34;
I thought it was an okay read, but nothing too great. I prefer Kate Atkinson mysteries. Try those is you want a good book.
There was so much hype about this book, but I wisely waited until it was available in the library. The plot is so ridiculous and incredulous that it seemed as though the author was making it up as she went along. A lot of it was predictable, but the twists and turns were as nonsensical as the basic storyline. The book went on much too long and had a very unsatisfying ending. The only character I liked was Boney. I'll say one thing for the author: she does the male POV perfectly, but unfortunately that does not merit more than 2*.
An interesting premise.  Overall an engaging story but I can't rate it five stars when I personally hated the main character :)  I wasn't sure what the fuss was about...
I liked this book.  I think I knew what was going on very quickly though.  It was a good read and I'd recommend it.  I just found it to be easy to guess what was going on.
Gillian Flynn is an unusually skillful writer. This is a superbly structured novel with characters who are less than admirable, yet there are insights into the way our minds work in close relationships that strike a chord and force us to perhaps reflect on our own behavior, and the world's behavior, and more deeper examine our lives.This is a rather intellectual view for a book in the mystery/thriller genre, but it's also just a good read. I won't spoil the book by telling what happens in the end, of course, but it's a bit of a surprise. Gillian's books tend to be a bit too...oh...what's the word? Gorey and somewhat too sensationalistic for my taste. That's the only thing I don't like about this book, which is the reason for only 4 stars instead of 5. I'd love to see the  author write a book that was less-dependent on the &#34;sensationally mean&#34; side of life because she has the power and skill to do that and perhaps even produce a literary masterpiece.
I read Gone Girl quite quickly as it's a real page turner from the very first chapter. The author does an incredible job of making the reader alternate between liking and disliking both main characters. Every detail is well written and described. My only criticism is that the ending fell flat for me. There were so many ways this book could have ended, and I found the ending a bit stale. However, I still recommend reading it because it really is very well written, dark, and intense.
I read this book twice, once while traveling and then again while relaxing this summer. It's fun, twisty, and keeps your interest. Makes you love and hate the characters in the book.
I liked this book through about 80% then it began to go in circles and just ended.  I didn't feel any satisfaction in the ending, nothing was resolved to my satisfaction. When the end lets you hang with the story unresolved to my satisfaction its not a good read.
Amazing book. Pulls you in by the first chapter, and throws twists and turns at you until the deciding page.After being victim to so many poor reads that have a high star rating on amazing (cue Divergent, 50 Shades of Grey) I am please to say that the reviews on here are correct.This book deserves 5 stars and no less. Some people say they were unhappy with the ending, but it was unpredictable and I loved it.Do not miss this!
Very developed characters and was a quick read. Rather surprised at the ending; did not figure it out like I usually do. Overall a good, steady read. Makes you look around and wonder about people. ;)
I can't believe I actually finished reading this book.  The main characters are both unsympathetic, spoiled, self absorbed, cliches.  The plot is very interesting with unexpected twists, but the ending felt like the author ran out of ideas. For a book that spent so long on the best sellers list, it was a huge disappointment to me.
I really enjoyed the twists and turns - I felt pulled into the story and felt empathy for both main characters.  I wanted to keep reading when the last page was turned.... could there please be a sequel?
At first I thought it was a love story.  Then there was a big turnaround.  I'm not quite finished, but I can't wait.
This was a really good book and hard to put down.  Did he kill her or didn't he?  I really liked all the twists and turns.  Only problem was the ending.  Is it just me or did anyone else hate it! I was kind of hoping for more.
I have been meaning to read this book for awhile now and I'm so glad that I finally got around to it. First of all, in terms of plot, it was brilliant. The golden couple, the marriage gone wrong, but then it takes a turn that you cannot predict. The author does a great job of unraveling character development darker and darker at the exactly right pace. It is a fascinating study on how the surface often does not reflect what is truly going on inside a person, and that evil really can exist in the people surrounding you. Nick is drawn as the hapless male, being led through his life with a conflicting idea of himself and failing resolve. But Amy, wow, she was practically three dimensional once you learned the truth about her life (no spoilers!). I love that her inner dialogue is so very honest, and if we are honest with ourselves, represents many of the thoughts that women have but don't want to admit with such strength. How very true that we present ourselves so differently to achieve our goals.The other brilliant thing about this book is the prose itself. It is so very well written. There were paragraphs where I had to stop and reread, and thought to myself, I bet the author took an entire day to craft this paragraph just so. The beauty is intertwined with language that some may find vulgar (and if you are easily offended you might want to try another book as this one is dark), but its there and I am in awe of anyone who can write that way.Also, clear your schedule LOL. I couldn't put it down either. The ending was the ultimate evil and leaves some to your own interpretation. I still want to know what happened even after that, though I know they are fictional characters and none of it was real. Excellent work!
I read books based on the look of the cover (sorry I just do) then reading the reviews I was a bit skeptical...But then again, who can resist the first line "a marriage can be a killer..."  "Gone Girl" is simply amazing... is not a romance, it is not a thriller, it is a true mystery of how a spouse can be, and how a spouse makes you (and vice versa). It takes you on a roller coaster, it is an absolute ride.Quick overview... Amy and Nick been married for 5 years... Amy goes missing on their anniversary... All clues point to Nick... What is Nick to do?... Why is she gone?...The book is set in three parts:First part moves on Nick's present and their past in Amy point of view...Second part moves to AmyThird part moves into ....  you just have to read it!
This book was recommended to me by five people...most of whom know I love most of Tana French's work madly. So I was really looking forward to it and was totally and completely disappointed. Good writer, interesting idea, but who the heck does one care about? Or root for? And, after murder and character weakness and twists of plot and leaps of faith poorly rewarded, I was mostly left wondering just why Ms. Flynn wrote this story? I just didn't get the point, and frankly found it in all ways unbelievable and unsatisfying that two such dingbat maniacs ended up together. If one is looking for DuMurier's pessimism but total character believability, or for French's natural and realistic complexity of good and bad in each of us, don't look here.
I find most novels written by women that try to describe men sometimes off the mark. Things are written about men but sometimes one can't help but suspect certain incongruent moments here and there. After hearing about the success of Gone Girl, I thought I would give it a try. So I began the first chapter and it is a diary entry and so is the second. The only difference or thing very surprising and seriously shocking is how the book is written. Every alternate chapter is a diary note by a character both a man and a woman. I found this kind of writing is very challenging and man did it pay up for the author because the story becomes more engrossing and more detailing as the chapters get on.Gone Girl is a success. I couldn't put it down and even while traveling would be too shocked that something I noticed in women all my life is being written about here. Not all of it is bad now, come on.Fantastic read, I found this book and it's suspense rewarding and the end managed to surprise me. Highly recommended if you feel you're just not upto picking up a new book. You are.
The strangest story I have ever read. The plot is a good one if predictable. I knew where it was going from an early stage, it really is pretty obvious, and was drawn in to see how it would unfold. However, it was long drawn out and descends into the ridiculous. The build of evidence, the degree of insane obsession, and the general overload in manipulation all just sent me shaking my head. As for the ending, well many have slated that and I am with them. Shades of Misery. Overall don't go there. Its disturbing and frustrating. I have to wonder where it came from.
I read it on my kindle which was not a good idea as I needed to refer to the chapter headings frequently to follow the time line. I did not enjoy her Flynn's style of writing;  too fractured for my taste.  Much preferred The Silent Wife  by S A harrison.
For some reason I didn't expect to like this book, but I loved it.  Its shifting narrators and plot twists really kept me guessing.  Very well written and deserving of its long tenure on the NY Times best seller list.
Didn't find it as absorbing as did others who recommended book to me. I guess I was a llittle disappointed.
This is a great beach book. A real page turner that keeps you guessing.
This book is so riveting & full of twists & turns, it was impossible to put down!I loved it!
This book was recommended to be by several people, of different ages. Both my retired friends and my daughters, loved it. I recommend this book highly. A really good read
Finally, a book where the next step is often a shock and not obvious.  Very different book....well written, hard to put down, great characters, interesting story....really gets into the psychology of the characters so that you understand why they behave the way they do.  This also makes the characters seem very real and , like real people, very complex.I have recommended this novel to many of my friends; one of the best I have read in a long time.
I read Gone Girl knowing little of the author or the success of the book. Like others, I was pulled in immediately and was set up expertly for each twist and turn of plot. I was intrigued by Flynn's ability to intertwine so beautifully the relationship between the two main characters with the thriller storyline. I was a little disappointed when in the second half of the book the thriller line became a little more prominent, but only because she had done such a masterful job to that point. The false notes were few and far between, and not enough to disturb the compelling flow of events. At the end I loved and reviled both Amy and her husband, a marvelous place for the author to leave the reader. A natural for a sequel, but I trust the author will leave the story where it is.
Not just a good yarn.  Even while I followed this slightly incredible story, and wanted to know how it would turn out, I was slotting the commentary in place in my mind.  What kind of parents produce what.  Where do those marital expectations come from (this book is more about marital expectations than it is about anything else - the author is so good at that, it will creep you out).  You can tell, from the moment things go onto television, that commentary is the real subject.But she is so good at it you could go the whole book and just think an author was giving you bits of surface observation.  And in a way that is also what the book is about.  Authors have time to plot, and plan, and hide little surprises (but they have to please you, don't they?).  And the good ones hide stuff for you to really think about.  Or put it right out there in plain sight, but not as "commentary" but just as canny observation.So, needless to say, saying much about the plot will spoil the suspense.  Two New York writers have fallen in love, but then they lost their jobs and fell out of love.  Things are not going well when Amy, the wife, just disappears one day.  You will spend a lot of time following this like a whodunit, watching the clues assemble, but when the revelations come, you will neither feel vindicated nor cheated.  We are playing a different game here.Just one last observation on observation - she is very good on the subject of feminism.  I found myself nodding at some of her observations, even when they didn't agree with me.  There is a reversal of stereotypes in the middle of the main conceit, and, while it is an old story used by many (mostly female) authors, it is still fresh in the hands of Gillian Flynn, who is so hip and so humanly aware that she brings it home to you.  You get what she is saying about feminism even if you don't realize you got it.So, who would like this book?  Fans of noir, I think, and fans of Big Ideas, and it is very good as a suspense novel.  Who should read it?  Anyone born after 1950 in America, I would say.  This is a book that matters.
this is not the type of book i usually read. however, a friend read it and said it was really great. so i did. in two days. it flip flops from two perspectives, which keeps things really exciting. i am glad i read it, and you should too. the ending wasn't what i had anticipated, but the book was well worth the read. i can't wait to read more from her.
I was very curious to read "Gone Girl" after seeing all the hype and also seeing that it was a genre that I love (that doesn't happen often.)  It was easy to follow but not an "easy read."  Very interesting story and I loved the plot twist.  I wasn't thrilled by the ending but it didn't take away from my enjoyment of the book.
Snarky and cynical throughout. Left me feeling awful. Unlikeable, nasty characters, lacks nobility. Do not recommend unless you enjoy being depressed.
I have 2 other novels by Gillian Flynn, Sharp Objects and Dark Places, and have had for a while. But have never read them. After reading Gone Girl that is about to change. You can always tell when you want to read more of an author after you read a particular book and are lefted stunned, shocked and in awe. That's now I felt after reading Gone Girl. Be prepared to be hyponotized and mesmerized by this thriller. This is dark, dark and disturbing thriller that will twist you and turn you. If psychopathic thrillers are your thing, then you won't find any better than this. Beneath this darkness you will also find humor(dark) and mystery. A really good mystery. One that will get you swept away in it's pages. Flynn can write like nobody's business. Her plotting somewhat reminds of Linwood Barclay and that's excellent praise coming from me considering Barclay is probably my favorite thriller writer and one of the best plotters in the biz.If you're in the market for a thriller and want to actually be THRILLED, then you are definitely in the right place. This is an absolute must buy! I give Gone Girl 5 out of 5 stars or a perfect 10 out of 10. You'd hard pressed to find a better mystery/thriller this year and we're still early in the year... Excuse me while a go tackle and devour her other novels!
Kind of finished up where it started off. Not one of the best books I have read. I'd give it two and a half stars.
I have to give Gillian Flynn high marks for originality and her ability to build suspense.  But, I really disliked this book by the time I finished it, and it left me with a sad, unsettled feeling.The first third of the novel is fascinating.  It is reminiscent of Henry James' Turn of the Screw.  Something awful has happened to missing wife Amy, and there are subtle hints that something is not right with likable hubby Nick.  The second part of the book is also great as it reveals intricate details of their complicated marital relationship.But the third part of the book is almost decadent in how it allows a murderer to be rewarded with no real consequences, and how no one can summon the will to fight against popular opinion.  It just hit too close to home with our modern American (world?) media culture where only shallow questions are asked, avoiding the really important, meaningful issues.  I am just old-fashioned enough to want a character who is noble and strong, and for right to win over wrong.  Flynn is a talented author, and this book is well-written in so many aspects.  But I guess it just struck the wrong note for me.
I know alot of reviews have been written about this book. I don't want to reiterate the same stuff over. This is a great book and I have to say that Ms. Flynn is a very imaginative person. I don't know how she even came up with a plot like this. I guess we are very fortunate to have some great writers out there.Excellent read!!!
While my brother was visiting last week, I downloaded this book on my Nook after seeing it topping charts for weeks and getting fantastic reviews.  This was my first time reading a Gillian Flynn novel, and I must say, I'm sure it won't be my last.It is so unique for me to find a book that can grab me by the very first page, but this book did just that. Opening on the day of his wife's disappearance, you're instantly thrown into Nick's world and mind, witnessing the current events through the eyes of his failing marriage and changing opinions of his wife. This book was such an absolute roller coaster! Unfortunately, in my opinion, the ending was a HUGE let down for me.  I felt as though I had gone through this emotional journey and flip flopped back and forth over who I thought the killer was - and then - the whole story just dropped. Maybe some found it poignant, but I didn't. I just felt let down.However, considering how much I enjoyed the rest of the book, I'd be more than willing to give Gillian Flynn's addictive writing style another try.
I must say the book captured my interest immediately and, yes, it was brilliant in its plot and execution, but I felt it become more tangled as the story unfolded so I was excited to discover the missing link that pulled it all together at the end.  Well, the ending was most disappointing and in fact unlikely in every way.  So, I felt the author couldn't find the missing link that would have made this novel extraordinary!  Gone Ending Gone I would have called it. so while it passed the time overall it was disappointing.
This book had me gripped through the first 3 quarters. Couldn't stop thinking about it when I wasn't reading.But then I got so disappointed and frustrated with how it ended that the whole experience was ruin.The only reason I want friends to read it is so I can have someone else agree with me about how frustrating it was.
I couldn't stop reading Gone Girl, and it caused me to be sleep deprived during a work week because I stayed up to late reading it.It's a compelling mystery that caused me to keep asking my friends--even those who don't share my taste in books--if they'd read it.
Amazing how one can get away with so much...I am sure these types of stories come through the court systems everyday.  Sadly the guilty walk away.  Great story, interesting perspective s from both sides
excellent book. was recommended by a friend, i had it for a month before i actually read it, and was happy i did
*****MINOR SPOILER*******OK, here we go. I can only compare my experience reading Gone Girl to a roller coaster ride at SixFlags.  It was, in general, enjoyable and certainty better than average. The slow build was unsettling in a good way and I couldn't wait to turn the page. Like waiting in line for the aforementioned coaster: You see the track and it looks fun. Some people that get off the ride loved it. They're grinning ear to ear and talking about how much they liked the entire ride. Other people getting off don't seem so thrilled but you can see the first giant hill from where you stand in line and it looks like the kind of hill you LOVE! Yay! Then you're in the cart and being pulled up to the very top so you're excited and breathless as you climb higher and higher. Now the top is within sight and you can't wait for the rush of flying all the way back down. The cart stops for a split second at the peak, and you can now see not just the immediate drop, but all these unexpected twists and loops! This roller coaster is going to be freaking better than you expected!!! You hold on to the bar, excitement building as your cart begins speeding down the hill-SO MUCH FUN-you can see those twists and loops getting closer, coming faster (omg, its going to be awesome !) Now the loop is before you and your heart is beating out of your chest. You have your mouth opened to let the inevitable shriek of joy escape. Every fiber in you body is anticipating the pleasure and terror that twisted loop is sure to bring you. I mean, the ride has been better and faster than any of your expectations thus far. It can only get better with each loop! Here you go, you're 3 seconds from the loop and all the fun its sure to bring! You can't breath, you can feel your heart pounding.....here you go!!!! And then.....and then..........
You will like, dislike, and hate the 2 main characters. This story will take you on a crazy ride. Family and relationships play an interesting role in the characters lives. Worth reading!
I ABSOLUTELY LOVED THIS BOOK. Once the first part was over it left me thinking what the...  The second part was all the more twisted. I couldnt get over how it twisted and kept you guessing. I only wish I couldve continued with the story  :)
Every time I thought I had the plot figured out, it took another turn.  The story is written in alternating point of views from the two main characters - this is the only book I've read where I've skipped a chapter (character) to see what was going to happen next!  Pure roller coaster of a book that I couldn't put down!
I think this book was a great and quick read! At first it starts off a little slow, but it surely picks up the pace. I will definitely be checking out her other books as well. This story definitely has some twists and turns and would make for a great movie!
I loved this book, right up until I didn't, but then, by the end, it had somehow won me back in that tragedy that you don't want to look at and be intrigued by, but just can't help looking at anyway kinda way.I ended up not liking the characters, but loving the story.  Mostly because it kept me guessing.  It keeps the reader off balance, questioning, trying to figure it all out.  The characters are believable, not likable, but believable, and real and scary.  It brings out the worst in humanity in an ironic engaging sort of way.I didn't hate the ending.  I found it oddly fitting for a twisted book.  I found the second section the most difficult to digest, but somehow the ending was like &#34;Yes, this is what would have happened&#34;.  The story is not easy,  but it is worthwhile.  It is original and captivating and page turning.The writing is clever.  Gone Girl is WITTY. Gone Girl is BRILLIANT.  Gone Girl leaves you thinking...
I enjoyed this book very much. I personally did not think the ending was bad.... I thought it very clever and a good way to end it. I personally did not like either character, so it didn't bother me for it to turn out like it did. They both kindof got what they deserved! I will read her other books soon and I look forward to seeing the movie.
Gone Girl is my favorite book of the year. It's so well-written and the twist midway was one of the best, most compelling twists I've ever read. The writing is perfect in so many ways and, unlike many, I loved the ending. I thought it was perfectly in keeping with the rest of the novel and wouldn't have wanted it to end any other way. YUMMY!
A fast journey into crazy. Flynn writes as we think, in our secret minds . I always feel like part of a peeping Tom when I read her books.
I could not put this book down!  Character development is phenomenal, the plot keeps you guessing and just as you think you're about to figure it out, the author yanks you in a completely opposite direction.  I will definitely be recommending this one to others!Love as always,~Heather
This is a mind-twisting, gut-wrenching book.  It will keep you guessing.  A quick read! It is deserving to be on the best seller list
I feel like I can hardly say anything about this without using spoilers, so I will just say it was highly entertaining and made me want to keep reading. I will also say, in what is hopefully a vague enough way, that the first half is kind of a whodunit, and the second half is more psychologically interesting and suspenseful in other ways. In general, I thought it was really creative.
This book will keep you guessing!  I usually don't like thrillers because I don't care about the characters.  This book is different.  I was immediately pulled into the story and couldn't put it down.  It's pretty light and a good beach read.  It's not a terribly complex story, but it is a satisfying and a unique book.
Wow!  So many wists and turns, mostly in Amy's mind.  I wanted Nick to have more backbone but his sinister wife did put him in many tough situations.  The story kept me engaged while grinding my teeth.
I cannot believe this keeps on top of the &#8203;charts, I guess its because of the movie being made? The characters are despicable, and there is not one redeeming quality in any of them. I'd give it 0 stars if I was able just to keep you from wasting your hard earned money. Its really that bad.
I was gripped by this story from page one, and could not put it down. The author has created an incredibly convoluted tale with great skill, though I was a bit surprised at some of the twists and turns. However, the reasons for those became apparent in the final chapters. The characters are not at all attractive, apart form Margot. She has a social compass. The ending for me was somewhat infuriating, but gave me food for thought. Read it and enjoy the ride.
Loved it! Started reading blogs and found so many more amazing reads as a result of loving this book! Gillian Flynn has a gift for shock affect!
A great read, very engrossing, but the ending was disappointing.  While it may have been trying to be thought-provoking, it just made me irritated with human nature.  Full disclosure, if I don't like the ending of a book I will pan it.  Apart from the ending of this book, it was a great, fun read.
A well-written, fun and intriguing read. The reader will be amazed at how smart and corrupt these characters can be.  Underhanded suspense at every turn.
It is the morning of Nick's fifth wedding anniversary.  He wakes to the glaring sun, casting an accusing eye.  After a breakfast of crepes with his wife, Amy, he heads to work at his bar.  Later that afternoon, he receives a call from his neighbor informing him that his front door is ajar and his cat is outside.  Strange! Nick hurries home to discover an alarmingly empty house.  Amy has vanished.  The police arrive and begin their investigation.  As the clues begin to emerge, the guilty finger points at Nick.  He swears he did not murder his wife, despite the accusing evidence.  As the days slide by, the tension mounts.  Amy is nowhere to be found and it looks like Nick will soon be arrested for murder, despite the fact the body is missing.  Nick desperately wants to prove his innocence.  Thus, he endeavors to follow the traditional clues left behind by Amy for Nick to find his present for their anniversary.  The clues lead Nick on hunt and expose some shocking truths about his missing wife.  Is Nick really a murderer?What I Liked:*Gone Girl is a great summer thriller that will make your head spin. If you are looking for an exciting book full of plot twists and mind boggling surprises this is the book for you.  This was a read that got into my head and left me stunned.  I am still pondering over everything after finishing this one.*I loved the way Ms. Flynn spends the first half carefully spinning her threads.  She creates two memorable characters with Nick and Amy.  The first portion of the book follows Nick as he learns his wife is missing and dealing with the fallout.  Amy's voice during this portion comes from journal entries that date back seven years ago, chronicling how the pair met, the blossoming relationship and all the ups and downs leading to the present.  The reader begins to form opinions on the characters only to be sucker punched in the second half.  All the previous conceptions are thrown out the window and the reader must start anew forming opinions on these characters that you thought you knew.  The execution works so well that I spent the second half of the book uncertain as to how I felt toward either character.  I love books that keep you guessing and this one does that until the last page!*I enjoyed the numerous gotcha moments in this book.  Ms. Flynn carefully lulls you in the beginning making you believe you know who the killer is with her crafty foreshadowing and hints.  You read with eager anticipation expecting a wrench.  Then like a spider catching a bug in its web, she grabs you and swirls you around and dumps you out dizzy with shocking revelations.  This book is packed full of huge twists and surprises.  If you are a fan of psychological thrillers this read is mind blowing.*I liked  Ms. Flynn's in your face writing style.  It is dark, wicked, blatant and a bit crass.  Definitely not for reader's of a more delicate persuasion.  However, if you are a deviant you will love it!And The Not So Much:*The pacing of the first half is a bit slow, it really takes awhile for the book to get going.  The first half is interesting but it is weak in comparison to the stunning events that come during the second half.  This book picks up right at the middle and from that point on it is a roller coaster ride to the finish.*There were two details that just didn't sit right with me at the conclusion.  The first was why was there no lie detector tests?  Though not fool proof, one certainly could have changed the way things were going. Second, the anonymous tip that led the police to the diary should have been a definite giveaway because there is no possible way an outsider could have known its location.*The ending certainly left me scratching my head.  It fits but it certainly is unexpected and definitely does not fit expectations.  It will leave you thinking, WHAT!?*As I mentioned earlier, this is a dark psychological thriller; a book for adults.  While there is nothing graphic or disturbing, the writing style is at times a bit crass, blunt and straightforward.  There is plenty of sexual references, adult language and adult situations.Gone Girl was a sinfully wicked summer read that left my head spinning.  All I can say is pick this one up and and expect the unexpected.  I wish I could share with you the many shocking reveals that amazed and stunned me.  Ms. Flynn is a talented writer and she crafts a phenomenal story that turns upside down and starts anew halfway through.  The characters are complex and definitely memorable.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book and I plan to read other books by Ms. Flynn!Favorite Quotations:"There's something disturbing about recalling a warm memory and feeling utterly cold.""She blew more smoke toward me, a lazy game of cancer catch.""I even swoon over his socks, which he manages to shed in tangled poses, as if a puppy carried them in from another room.""Over just a few years, the old Amy, the girl of the big laugh and the easy ways, literally shed herself, a pile of skin and soul on the floor, and out stepped this new, brittle, bitter Amy.""Sleep is like a cat: it only comes to you if you ignore it.""If she were alive, someone would need to return her.  If she were dead, nature would have to give her up.  It was a palpable truth, like a sour taste on the tongue tip.""I must take my husband out of my dark shadowy thoughts and shine some cheerful golden light on him.  I must do better at adoring him like I used to.""If you're about to do something, and you want to know if it's a bad idea, imagine seeing it printed in the paper for all the world to see.""Love makes you want to be a better man---right, right.  But maybe love, real love, also gives you permission to just be the man you are.""The truth is malleable; you just need to pick the right expert.""I'm not just pretty anymore, I am pretty for my age.""Stay away from boys.  They'll either throw ricks or look up your skirt.""I am a little too much, and he is a little too little.  I am a thornbush, bristling from the over-attention of my parents, and he is a man of a million little fatherly stab wounds, and my thorns fit perfectly into them."A big thanks to Random House Publishing for the ARC copy of this book. I received a copy in exchange for an honest review.
When i started reading this book, i wondered where it was going. Boy meets girl, both writers, ordinary middle class life, and i thought, I read it all before. I was told to keep reading by others who has read it before me and the point would come to light. After the first few chapters it did! I was hooked into it immediatly. Seems he's not such a nice guy at all, particullary according to his wife, who is called &#34;amazing Amy&#34;. She is high maintanence and her revenge is going to be the most amazing thing ever! Sure enough it is. He finds himself in a nasty situation, so that he has to beg forgivness from Amy, so she can rescue him. Good interesting, detailed, stories of things that had happened in the past in their lives that blend in well with the story. Gripping reading till almost the end. I was waiting for some sort of justice to be done to the real villan in the story, only to have it fall flat.
These are two self serving people feeding on each other!  Didn't like it at all!  And of course they are both crazy!
Very good read, couldn't put it down.  It is a real page-turner, good plot, good twists and turns in the story.  Likeable characters.
My daughter recommended this book to me as she read it for her book club one month.  The first chapter I found a little difficult to navigate until I got into the rythym of of how it was written.  After that it went much more smoothly.  I had never read a work by this author before, but I think she did a fantastic job of keeping the story moving and then pulling it all together after the twist and turns.  The characters were very interesting, especially Amy, of course, but the author did a nice job of developing the background characters too.  It is a bit of a bizarre story, but I would highly recommend it to people that like some mystery and criminal intrigue.
I have come to love Gillian Flynn and this was the first book I read of hers.  I have now read all three and can't wait for the next ones.  Her characters are manipulative and a little bit evil and continue to surprise you at every turn.  And there are many twists and turns.  I love her style of telling the story through the voices of the different characters.  I literally could not put this book down.
A great page turner. Although fairly unbelievable and a few things do not add up but if you just enjoy the premise of the story it is good entertainment
Once the big reveal happened that Amy was framing her husband, the book became really predictable.  I thought the initial idea of the Amy diary was clever and how she framed him, but it left everything else lackluster and dragging on.  I never found myself rooting for any of the characters.  I felt the ending was flat and without any impact.  I would have ended it with someone dying or something.  Them continuing a fake relationship was not satisfying to me.  Overall it could have been good but instead just became annoyingly predictable.
THIS COULD HAVE BEEN A GOOD READ IF NOT FOR THE F WORD.I DON'T HAVE THAT WORD IN MY VOCABALARY AND SEE NOTHING TO BE GAINED BY SAYING IT.I CAN ONLY IMAGINE WHAT CONVERSATION AT HER HOUSE MUST SOUND LIKE.OK,I WILL ADMIT I AM AN OLD FOGEY,BUT I AM NOT FORCED TO READ HER BOOKS AND WILL NEVER BUY OR READ ANOTHER.JUST FOR THE RECORD I ONLY READ ABOUT 1/4 OF IT BUT KNEW THE BOOK NOR THE AUTHOR WAS SOMEONE I WOULD WANT TO ASSOCIATE WITH.
Has been long time I last read a novel that was so hard putting on the table. Really entertaining and surprising
The author's ability to describe different viewpoints was excellent. The book kept me riveted right through.  I look forward to reading her next book.
Overall I loved this book. I believe the other reviews are correct where the book took off, slowed down in the middle and then took off again. I kind of hoped for a different ending, but now cannot wait to read Gillian Flynn's other books. I also cant wait to see the movie!!
I'm having a bad time on Amazon these days.  I like mysteries.  P.D. James.  Reginald Hill.  Ian Rankin.  Dana Andrews.  Louise Penny.  Cozies that aren't too cute, Procedurals that aren't too coldly about body parts.  Remnants of Sherlock Holmes and Agatha Christie.  Unfortunately, the gross horror thriller has become the definition of &#34;mystery&#34; on Amazon, and this kind of pure psychological horror book obviously written to sell as a movie is recommended.  If this is your thing, it is a well-done version.  Not a bit of scenery or fun, just a thorough version of the most disgusting parts of the human psyche creating a thriller full of twists and turns.  Totally internal, totally horror, totally psychological.  Not particularly original, even, if you are old enough to remember reading Presumed Innocent without knowing the ending first.
It's a mostly clever story of a wife who frames a husband for her disappearance and presumed murder. However, it's marred by a few flaws and a tepid ending.The writing switches back and forth between the viewpoints of the husband and wife. This is interesting but the problem is that they fail to significantly differ in patterns of thought and expression. It sounds almost like the same person.The wife's scheme and actions are extremely complex and it isn't believable that the police and FBI cannot poke holes in them, especially with the insights and information provided by the husband. The plot builds to a crescendo and then just fizzles out with an ending that lacks credibility (spoiler alert). If you knew that your spouse had maniacally plotted to destroy those who crossed her in the past, framed you for her fictitious murder and just killed the last person who offended her, would you live under the same roof?The reading is intriguing. But don't start it unless you're prepared to be disappointed in the end.
A marriage gone wrong for sure. The chapters, if you will, alternating between the two couples, drew me in and gave such great insight to both the husband and wife. Every time I thought I knew what was happening, a new twist developed. This proved to be a great read.
I wanted to read the next page almost to the end of the book. Lots of suspects along the way. And best twist in recent memory.Ending was just OK...probably because it couldn't possibly live up to the expectations set by what came before it
Outstanding plot...many twists and turns.  Very well written, Keeps the reader in suspense from the beginning.  A reminder of the movie &#34;War of the Roses&#34;!!!!!!!!
I bought this book because of the reviews and friends recommending it. I thought that the story line was very boring and predictable! I was really disappointed.
I did not like this book. In all my reviews I constantly say that I am not a professional reviewer so I do not ever say anything bad. If I don't like a book I usually do not give it a review but this one makes me shake my head. I cannot picture it as a movie. It has been on best seller list for months which automatically confirms that I am not a good reviewer. I do not recommend it. The only other book I ever read that I would not recommend was a James Patterson novel about robots.  In the past six months I have read over 50 books and this Gone Girl is just not my idea of relaxation or knowledge which is usually what I look for in a book. The language is horrible also.  What a waste of money.
As the title says it started out kind of slow and I had a little trouble getting into it  But sticking it out was well worth the ride.  A great summer read.My rating of 4 reflects my personal opinion of the ending. Hopefully she set it up for a sequel.
All Gillina Flynn's novels are about dysfunctional people.  Where as in "Sharp Objects" and "Dark Places", the main characters are damaged goods but they are not bad people.  In "Gone Girl", Ms. Flynn superbly peeled layers of a marriage gone bad to make you recoil at the characters' viciousness.While reading this book, I was reminded of the Lacy Peterson's case in Modesto, CA. If you're familiar with that case, it'll be a treat when you read this book. But to say more, it'll spoil the fun.The ending may frustrate some people, but when considering the whole plot, it's as perfect as "Rosemary's Baby"'s ending.
I enjoyed about three quarters of this novel about a marriage that turns sour and hateful after an impossibly cute beginning. The last quarter of the book shows that the author ran out of creative gas and had to coast to the last page pushing the story along. Very disappointing after I'd heard from others and from reviewers that this was one of the best novels of 2012. In the end, it was unnecessarily spiteful and mean.
This book seems to have an interesting premise. One part is written in diary form from a husband in the present looking back. The other is a diary from the wife from the past leading to the present. I was hoping for a story of how love starts and fades, but that's not how this book goes. In the present, the wife goes missing and the husband doesn't know or remember what happened. Also, there is a twist later on in the book.The author is an okay writer. She writes a man how a woman thinks a man is. I don't find that particualarly well done. The twist doesn't pay off and the plot becomes ridiculous in my opinion.Bottom line: Don't read it. I didn't like it. But aparently some people did.
Wow.  What an amazingly crazy story.  I was enthralled from the very beginning.  I thought for sure I knew what was as going on but alas I did not.  I have to say I was surprised at the many twists and turns this story took.  Sometimes the characters did exactly what I expected only to find that they really didn't.  Again....WOW.
I enjoyed this book very much.  I like that I wanted to read it until I finished it and was willing to ignore other things I needed to do such as sleep. I like the mystery.  Though I loved the book I did not like the ending, but who likes what would really happen if this was true.
It is difficult to write a review of this book and not give too much away as it truely is an exciting read. I really liked the way that this book was written from two different points of view, alternating back and forth from the husband (Nick) and wife (Amy), who have marital issues amongst other personality issues. The author hits the nail on the head with so many of these normal, everyday marital problems and is able to put them into words, which I thought was funny in itself. The author clearly did a lot of research and is very talented and just when I thought that this book was going to be fairly predictible, about half way through, I was sucked in and in for a wild ride. This was a very creative story with lots of twists that are very unique, especially the scavenger hunt that Amy sends Nick on every year as well as how Amy thinks of everything to hide her tracks and her positive pregnancy test. The author did an outstanding job creating Amy's character and whatever psychological diagnosis in the DSM IV manual that she has. It was very creative, well written and mind stimulating. I was, however,very disappointed with the ending. It was not congruent with the story and I was hoping for one last twist to seal the deal, since there were so many shocking surprises throughout the meat of the story. The end was a let down (pretty much all of part III), but this story is worth reading for the creative storyline. I could see this becoming a movie at some point. This story will frighten men in the way that Fatal Attraction did back in the 80s.
A very entertaining novel with lots of twists and turns. Yes, the end is somewhat unbelievable, but book still very much worth reading. Author does great job on the characters. I also recommend the audio book version, it was well-performed.
A quick paced fun read.  With enough hints dropped so that you are fairly certain what the next twist will be.  A read this book in half hour to hour chunks as the rest of my family was watching the football games.
Gillian Flynn's novel,Gone Girl, falls short on so many levels. Though stylistically well-crafted, the novel leaves the reader with the bitter realization that he/she has been as psychically abused and manipulated as poor emasculated Nick. The novel fails to reach a catharsis for the reader UNLESS that catharsis is the realization that reading a Flynn novel sets one up for a colossal disappointment.  Obviously Ms. Flynn is a talented writer; I wonder why then the ending was so slapdash. Surely, Bony Meroni could have discovered that Desi had an ironclad alibi for the day he was supposed to have kidnapped Amy. Or Jacqueline, Desi's mother, could have admitted that her darling son had been sharing her bed on the day in question--any alternate ending would have been better than how Flynn leaves her readers.
Can't figure out how this author pulled this off.  Hated both major protagonists, but had to keep reading to see how it resolved itself.
Loved the twists and turns of this story. It started kinda slow but after a few chapters I couldn't put it down. I would love to know what Amy is like as a mom... I bet the outcome of that would be even more twisted.
A clever page turner for fans of "Fargo" and "To Die For".At times it seems in fact thought originally for a movie.I can actually picture Nicole Kidman as Amy, Patrick Wilson as Nick and Frances Mc Dormand as Boney.Up until 3/4 of the book the plot is awesome. The end is a bit too surreal for my taste though.All in all, I love it and strongly suggest it to anybody who share a bed at night with somebody on a regular basis.Enjoy it ... (and watch your back) :-)!!
This is a well written book with good character development and unexpected twists that will keep your interest.  Best of her books so far.
This twisted to a strange place that I never saw. Hard to put down. Great read.  I am glad I read it
I did not like this book and, usually, when I figure this out within the first 80 pages, I stop reading. All the great reviews and numerous stars made me finish it. And not like it any better.It started out okay, but when the you-know-what hit the fan, it got very unrealistic. Both characters are psychos, they do unbelievable stuff to each other and the end is contrived and unrealistic.I'm trying to figure out why people liked this book? Besides having to be a creative and well-informed person, about mental illnesses to write such characters, I don't have much to say that is positive about this book.
I really enjoyed the format and layout of this story.  I liked the way each chapter was from alternating perspectives.  The plot follows a couple in which the wife goes missing.  We (the reader) see the cracks in their marriage, as well as the deception by both parties.  There were a couple of areas where was a little surprised by the path the story followed, but it all came together well.  I definately would recommend it, and will be reading more of Flynn's books.
I just finished reading Gone Girl. I spent the better part of a day devouring this novel...could not put it down and finished it in 2 days. Well..imagine my surprise at that ending!!! It's like the author lost all her writing ability at the end and said 'screw it' - and just made up an awful ending that did not match the rest of the tone of the book. Still for 95% of the book it was a page turner!
Well it's hard to write anything without possibly giving something away but it is an &#34;amazing&#34; book and I really couldn't put it down. Twists and turns everywhere! Very well written!!
Very clever and well written although the first few chapters were hard to get into. But the turn and twists will keep you guessing - well worth persisting to uncover a great weekend novel
Gone girl was an engrossing thriller with many imaginative twists and turns. It really held my interest and I would look forward to reading more books by this author.
Nice page turner with some fun twists, this is an easy entertaining read by Gillian Flynn and i look forward to future books
I did finish the book, but was not happy about it.  I thought the whole story was ridiculous and frustrating to read.  I would never recommend it to anyone!
This was not a typical thriller. It had me hooked from the beginning and I couldn't put it down! I can't wait to read more novels by this author!
I am 2 hours in and I have had enough.I have enjoyed some of the dialogue, but the story and characters are so unbelievable I can't listen any further. The author shows talent but has not developed the story or the characters plausibly.If you want to read a similar story that is light years better try &#34;In Cold Blood&#34;.  It puts this book to shame.
With over 1600 reviews posted, there isn't a lot I can add and I really don't want to give any spoilers away so I am not going to say a lot.What I would like to share is that this was a book that grabbed my attention early on and I wanted to keep reading even when I should have put it down.  The story unfolds slowly and you get glimpses that things may not be as they appear, but I had no idea where it was going.  About the time I thought I might know what happened, there would be a twist that totally threw me off balance.  I enjoyed it from beginning to end and will be reading this author's other novels based upon this one.There has been a lot of discussion about the ending, with many people hating it and feeling strongly about that.  In my case, I had no problem with how the book ended.  It seemed to fit the twists and turns of the rest of the book and I thought it was very fitting.Totally absorbing, suspenseful novel that I enjoyed (reminding me a bit of "Defending Jacob" which I also loved).
This book was definitely a page turner, but the characters were just ridiculous.  I felt like there were so many loops and twists then the book fell flat at the end.
This is one twisted read.  There are so many unexpected twists, and then once you get the hang of the two main characters, it twists again.  I gave it four stars, instead of five, only because I find the ending completely unbelievable.  As in, if this were a completely true story, in no way would it have ended the way it did.  I mean... c'mon!
Interesting read. Definitely kept you guessing as to where this novel was going to go.I recommend reading it.  It is a good read.
Gillian Flynn is a brilliant author who takes the liberty to express what can lie underneath a not-so-perfect marriage. Amy is a loving, caring, and thoughtful wife. At least that&#8217;s what her husband thinks of her. But to Amy, Nick is an abusive, hotheaded husband. Gillian takes you inside a killer, psychopath, but intelligent mind to expose the truth about Amy. On the day Amy disappeared, the cops instantly suspected Nick, her husband. But did Nick really do it or is he being framed? What really happened on this happy couples 5th anniversary and where is Amy?  Gillian Flynn answers these questions along with many others about the disappearance of Amy Dunne. In the beginning of the investigation, on the scene, the investigators found a tiny box that led to Nicks first clue for his 5th anniversary gift that Amy put together before her disappearance. These clues expresses Amy&#8217;s love for Nick and the things she liked about him most. Also, Secrets and betrayals are revealed. This book allows the reader to contemplate who the antagonist is and decide for him or herself. Gillian Flynn&#8217;s story is about a deceitful couple that always thought they were meant for each other. Gillian allows you to go with Nick on the hunt for his wife. I would recommend this book for anyone to read. No matter girl or boy, this book is a great choice to read.
So clever, where to begin!  I love this book and I recommend it highly. Twisted and brilliant prose.  She is a great writer and this is Gillian's best book yet.  A must for those who read!
Perfectly twisted. I hated the ending, but can admit it was amazing and different and very well done...just not what I wanted, so maybe I actually kind of loved it cuz I'm sick of the same thing all the time. Just when you have it all figured out in your mind who you love, who you hate, whodunit...you will realize you are wrong. And then a few chapters later you'll realize you were right to begin with, and on and on and on. I'll definitely be reading more novels by Ms. Flynn...just not right this second. I gotta untwist my stomach, heart and brain after this one first!
I loved the shifting perspectives of Nick and Amy. It gave more depth to the characters as well as the story and raises the bar in the guessing game of did he, didn't he. Nick's chapters focus on the disappearance and investigation while Amy's focuses on the backstory of their marriage.There are twists and turns, a few of which I expected but most of which I did not and Flynn does it so perfectly she just slides it in when you least expect it.  The writing is brilliant and edgy. Flynn is a powerful storyteller and takes an oft told story and shapes it into something great with layer after layer of intrigue and deception.At the heart of this book is a novel about marriage and love and how that can change over time and become something dark and far from the love and devotion it started as.Another aspect of the novel Flynn delves into is the media as judge and jury. In today's world, you can turn on the news and there is bound to be a story about a missing woman and the husband as the prime suspect. We've all seen Dateline but can the media skew our perspective, of course. Does it mean all husbands are guilty, no.  Nick appears guilty at times, in front of the camera and off, but just because he comes across negatively in the press, should we assume he killed Amy?I am finding it really difficult to talk about this book because I don't want to give anything away. All I can say is pick up this book and read it, you won't be disappointed, and it's well worth it. I hesitated for a long time before giving in, writing it off as something that wouldn't live up to the hype but in this case I was wrong, it deserves the hype, Flynn as proven she is a master storyteller and I'm looking forward to reading her other books.
It took me a bit to get into this story telling style, but once there, I couldn't put it down.  Really looking forward now to the movie.
I gave this book a try because it was highly recommended by a professor at my school.  I really hate I wasted my time.  I gave it a two star rating because, it took me forever to finish reading the book.  The book seemed very long and drawn out, and it had some errors.  It took forever for me to get into the book, because it really didn't get interesting until about the 50% mark. A lot of it seemed very predictable. Once I got into it, I couldn't put it down, but after so long, everything seemed to start being over the top.  By the time I got to the end, I was so exhausted that it was ridiculous.  I was very dissapointed with the way it ended because it seems like the ending was rushed.  It just stopped abruptly like walking over the edge of a cliff.  I even flipped back a couple of pages and reread some of it because I thought I was missing something.  I literally wanted to throw my kindle.  I feel if the author would have put forward more energy to the end of the book, and not concentrating on making the beginning so long and boring, the book would have been a lot better.  I only finished the book, because my teacher was waiting on my thoughts of it.  My teacher wants me to read the rest of this author's books, but I think I'll pass.
Deservedly popular, this book is a genuine page turner. Glynn is at the top of her game with engaging characters, original prose and a great plot. Read it... It won't disappoint.
Not enjoyable. Characters are grating. Just not my style. Story leaves a bad taste in the mouth...leaves you without resolution but not the &#34;cliffhanger&#34; type...more like a sense of hopelessness. You could argue that the characters got what they deserved. No one needs to read a story like this...Unless you like wallowing in your own self pity...then this book will be right up your alley.
I loved the first 2/3 of the book but the last third was weak. I wondered if the author had a deadline and just threw together the last part. It was almost like two different people wrote the book. I really enjoyed the authentic sounding male vs female perspectives in the earlier part of the book and the author really knows how to write discriptively. The first 2/3rds of the book were so good that I will purchase another title by this author, even though the last third was a great disappointment. I could think of much better endings than the one the author chose. It really fell flat.
This book is brilliant. A page-turning study of a messed-up, co-dependent marriage wrapped in a thriller mystery.Plot summary:After losing their jobs in New York, writers Nick and Amy move to Nick's hometown in Missouri where Nick buys a bar. Amy isn't happy being a housewife in fly-over land. Nick isn't happy with Amy's ennui. On their fifth anniversary Amy goes missing and Nick becomes the prime suspect in her likely murder.My opinion:This was a really well-crafted book. It broke all sorts of writing "rules" - lots of digressions, some telling instead of showing blah, blah, but it all worked beautifully and had me turning pages until 3 a.m. Flynn painted detailed pictures without taking me out of the story or making me want to scan descriptions. Some of the metaphors and imagery will stick with me like the knotted razor wire that was Amy (p. 49). I loved the use of quizzes throughout; and some of the lines, especially in thoughts, were great, such as the interrogation at the crime scene and the neighbor at the park scene. The characterizations were complete and varied, even of secondary characters like Amy's parents and the cops. This was a really well done book. Some might not like the ending. I admit I turned the page and expected more pages, but after a few hours when the ending settles on you, you think--at least I did--that it's really the way it should be, with everyone sort of getting what they deserved.If you don't like reading about unlikeable characters, don't read this. If you like complex characters and don't have to love your hero, you'll like this book. I've read some reviews complaining about gratuitous sex and language and don't know what they're talking about. Both were minimal. Loved the story, loved the prose, loved the characters, loved the book.
Gone Girl did more than disappoint me, it disgusted me. The characterizations left me with a sick feeling of the depravity of human nature. At one point, I felt Amy would be brought to justice and yet that never happened. That she got pregnant and the book ended with Nick staying with her is a truly sad commentary on human nature and what motivates people. This book is terribly disturbing. I have read Flynn's other books and admired her style but she lost me as a fan with this book. It truly sickened me.
I really enjoyed reading this book and I read it fairly quickly. I definitely enjoyed Nicks chapters more than Amy's. The problem I have with this book is that once I was done reading it I was over it. I didn't feel the usual sadness and withdrawals that you feel when you finish a great book. It was interesting but could have easily been a short story. I am looking forward to David Fincher's directing of the film as he is one of my favorite directors and I think he will do a great job adding suspense to this mediocre story.
This is an outstanding piece of literature!  It is a very well thought out story, with an unusual structure, that alternately depresses you, makes you laugh, depresses you again, and shocks you.  It is a look at a marriage, with two far from perfect spouses, who have problems, then finally, at the end, &#34;solve&#34; their problems.  You may never want to recommend marriage to anyone after reading this!
I'm hearing so many great things about this one, I can barely wait to read it.  I wanted to get it for Christmas, but no one bought it for me.  Which brings me to my point....if anyone's willing to lend me their copy, I would be eternally grateful.  I prefer hardcovers because the backs can be used as a desk of sorts, should I decide to write a post card and need a surface to write it on.  (Not that I plan on writing any, I'm just sayin')  Ok, so thanks loads.  Please response with your phone number and I'll give you my address.  Thanks. PS  THe only reason I gave it 1 star is cuz I haven't read it yet and I hardly find it fair to give it 5 stars.  I do reserve the right however to amend my review should I see fit at a later point in time....as it were.
If Your're one of those readers who can't handle a story that ends happily try another romance novel instead. This book really blew me away. The intensity of the characters in this story is captivating. The character developement was outstanding!! the main characters in this book are so raw, so vulnerable, and at times so unlikeable. It really gives a good picture of the nature of humans when threatened or in a compromising situation. The book starts with a mixture of diary entries and storyline. The characters are both sort of at their wits end in their marriage when suddenly the wife is kidnapped, and the evidence left behind is not looking good for the husband. The book is mainly written through the husband's perspective, which is interesting because you don't want it to be his fault, but at times you also kind of suspect him. Gone Girl Gone really is a head game in a lot of ways. I think I was at times thrilled with the plot and at times disappointed when I uncovered all the answers, but somehow I still managed to love it by the final page.
Everyday I looked forward to this book with such anticipation. I wasn't disappointed, I even began to feel a dysfunctional attraction towards Nick & a envy towards Amy's brilliance & psychosis...in a strange way. However, I expected the ending to be a bit more climatic considering the events. Everyone lived happily ever after but not really?!?
Every once in a while an author hits the scene who has so much talent and imagination and expertise that once you start reading, you truly don't want to put the book down.  This is such a book, written by such an author.  I won't go into detail about the book, you've already got over four hundred reviews, I just want to add my voice to the clamour.  This book is stunning.  I haven't yet read her first two, but I will be buying them and reading them.  But THIS book really has it all.  It almost, at one point, reminds me of the movie War of the Roses, but it's so much more.  Having been married a time or two myself, I have to say I smiled my way through the second half of the book because it's at that point the real fun begins, and fun it is, especially for a reader who has waded through the mire of a marriage gone bad and lived to finally laugh about it. It's just brilliant, the way Gillian wrote especially the last half, when you really get to the truly down and dirty part of these two peoples' minds, and although it's awful, it's also wildly funny to watch these two go at it. You get this, "Oh, God, why didn't I think of that?" vibe over and over again, and you laugh to yourself even more, and race to keep on reading because the two of them are so diabolically horrible, hilariously so.  Now, don't think from what I'm saying that this is a comedy, because it's not, it's actually gory and tragic, but if you've ever been involved in a marriage gone bad, it's pure entertaiment, the last part especially.  FABULOUS!
The shifting tone in the novel is fascinating.  The two protagonists seem quite likable at first and very slowly reveal themselves to be completely different.  This reader ended up disgusted with both characters, but that's what the author obviously intended.  Anyone who has ever had a cheating spouse will appreciate the fiendishly clever revenge Amazing Amy creates for her unwitting husband, but she's a chillingly coldhearted creation.
Gone Girl Proves you never fully know anyoneInteresting  start,  becomes terrific  mystery which surprises reader continuously . Twists and turns in personalities and actions of two main characters holds readers interest and makes book impossible to put down. The interacting characters are also on target  and play very realistic roles in affecting the reader and the main characters.. Unfortunately once the surprises are finished author struggles with how to bring book to a conclusion and last 15% of book seemed off kilter. Incident with old boy friend tough to swallow. This disappointing conclusion  led me to 4 star rather than 5 star rating.H Pines
Unique approach to a mystery story.  Good character development.  It is a little slow to get moving, but worth the wait.
Excellent plot. The steady dripping of details about the case of the 'Gone Girl' was riveting. Highly recommend this novel...
I think I might be the only person in the world to dislike this book.  I was looking over the other reviews and just can't see why people love this book so.  If I had to use one word to describe Gone Girl - it would be pretentious.  I don't know how many times I rolled my eyes while reading this.  Truthfully, this is not normally the type of book I would read.  I enjoy thrillers, but this is a little too dark for my liking.  I only read it because I decided to complete Amazon's 100 Must Read Book list.  I will say, that Gillian Flynn can really write a plot twist.
This crime novel about a marriage scales new heights in the concept of the unreliable narrator. We have her diaries, which are deeply untrustworthy. We have his daily reports after the disappearance, with holes as large as barn yard doors.Apart from the well done mystery aspect, the book has another strength: it shows middle America in crisis. The couple were wealthy yuppies in the publishing world of NYC. Then both their jobs disappeared, and her fortune shrank to tiny levels. They moved to his miserable home town in Missouri. That wasn't a sustainable idea.This is the kind of story that I prefer to watch as a film. The net says, the film is in production, with Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike. Plus some favorites like chef Jeannette from Trem&eacute; as detective. Going to look for that.
If you enjoyed Sharp Objects, you will LOVE this book. This is my absolute favorite book by Gillian Flynn. A must read!
I finally picked up this widely discussed and acclaimed suspense and finished in a week. The first 2 chapters almost got me to quit as they were filled with the most boring details which you just don't expect in a so called "suspense/thriller" novel. I wonder how the editor could have let it pass. I trudged through and got intrigued in the second part of the book, literally flipping the pages until I hit the last part, where I had a bad feeling that the book was going to end badly, and which was indeed the case. That was probably one of the worse ending I've ever read over the years. It's like the author got so out of hand and let her imagination run so wild that she wasn't able to write a proper ending, because all scenarios just wouldn't support. Such a crazy ending which not only unconvincing, unrealistic, but laughable, even in a fictional world that could never in a million years happen.The characters are unlikeable either. Like many reviewers here I do not care for them or what happens to them, even if eventually they manage to kill each other I wouldn't raise an eyebrow and probably think they deserve it. That's how despicable the characters are portrayed and presented. The storyline itself is not outright crazy, which could have been built up well and ended beautifully, but what a shame, the author didn't carry that till the end (or lacked of such in the very beginning?)And the many pages of meaningless rambling! What was that and how did that contribute to the story made me scratch my head. It really set me strayed from concentrating on the story and kept me wondering if the author ever going to get to her point.To me, this book is definitely a disappointment, comes in many flaws. Not my best read.
Kept you coming back for more, the ending leaves you wondering if Nick could keep up with the crazy bitch.
Good book.  My first experience with this author.  I intend to check out other works by this author.  Fast paced read that will entertain and keep you guessing until the end even though you think you have it figured out.
Reading toward the end of the book on my IPad while in the doctor's office. IPad said about 15 pages left to go. Turned the page as the doctor walked into the examining room.  Turned the page to read "Acknowledgements".  The doctor must have jumped out of his chair as I let out a squawk of surprise.  "Acknowledgements?"  Explained to him --his comment, "don't you hate that?"  What a way to end a book!!!  Really enjoyed the twists & turns of this unusual book.  After thinking about the ending for awhile, I thought this is the only way it could have ended.  Didn't like the two main, disfunctional characters, but it kept me turning the pages.  Give it a try!Two different books this year:  this one & Defending Jacob.  texannt
This book UNNERVED me. Reading this book was painful because before it got crazy, it was dark and I get dark. It took me to unwelcoming places and memories. I understood the the disappointments shared between two people who once saw hope and happiness in each other. It was real and saddening. I like it more because it got crazy because now I could stop seeing myself in these characters. I liked it a lot but it took a lot out of me. I would not buy another book from her. It was good but not worth the eck emotions, its like buying bad emotions. Its very real but tiring.
Ms Flynn certainly has a way with adjectives but I nevertheless found this to be a yawn through well-washed New York yuppieland until halfway. That's when this remarkable book took off. Saying more will spoil all but the time spent on the long setup is well worth it!
Wasn't my kind of book. I felt it was pretty lame and sort of when on and on and on without much happening.
I'm not ruining this for anyone. Finally something you can't put down, but one that doesn't go for cheap thrills or a trite contrived plot. Just read it.
this is book for people who love to read.  i dont mean a nice packaged story i mean really read.  you cant skim pages and the plot unfolds and unfolds and unfolds... you have no favourites - no heroines - no heroes - you just have a gripping, interesting, surprising and at times darkly funny read.  it is very "wordy" with great descriptions and intricate plots that weave themselves along.ive read dark places and also thoroughly enjoyed it. i was expecting this to be in a similar vein but its very fresh and new and a different kind of plot... its a modern day war of the roses with serious psychological warfare and the portrayal of the characters was brilliant. This must have taken a very long time to put together - with all the nuances and plots within plots nothing was forgotten, everything tied together eventually - she didnt miss a trick.gillian you are just what the market needs right now.. so many authors are churning out these neatly packaged one or two twists books that you sometimes feel you are reading the same story with the names and places changed and I feel patronised by the fact that many feel like an ABC of crime writing.  Gone Girl made me feel like the author really respects the minds of  her readers and gives a book worthy of our money and our time and i for one will be waiting very impatiently for her next book.Thank you for a brilliant story.. i loved it.
I had trouble getting into this story, but once in I was hooked.  It kept me guessing to the end.
This is the best kind of suspense novel because it's character driven and the stakes become bigger as the story continues.  Even if you figure out the plot twists, the story is written well enough that it's worth the read.
The book is split into two pov&#8217;s: Nick Dunne&#8217;s and Amy Dunne&#8217;s. They&#8217;re the two main characters, sharing their respective sides of the story. The first half of the book is spent building up the whole case of Amy missing, and the second half of the book deals with the fallout. The first half does a wonderful job in establishing mystery; we know enough to not accuse Nick of the crime but we know someone did it. We are eased in into liking Amy and not liking Nick too much. By the time the second half starts, a plot twist kicks in. It stings extra hard because Amy had been a likable character by the time the first half ended, only for the character to announce that it was simply a made-up persona to frame Nick. Amy&#8217;s cold and calculating side is slowly revealed, leading all the way up to a bittersweet ending.I&#8217;m interested to see this as a movie. There&#8217;s a lot of workable material here and the characters are likable. The first person narration works very well: it tells enough but never too much. No issues with the writing at all; it&#8217;s easy to follow. It gives the genre a wonderful twist.A definite page-turner, but don&#8217;t expect a happy ending.
In Gillian Flynn's brilliant new book Gone Girl we take an exaggerated look at a society obsessed with getting the edge at all costs.  Most of us are flawed, granted, and have experienced feelings of rage, disappointment, second guessing, or confusion within a relationship.  Even hatred and a thirst for revenge if hurt badly enough.  During the roller coaster of a ride into the minds of Amy and Nick, the level of premeditated manipulation and spin control is truly astounding, almost hard to believe.  That's what makes the book so much fun.  We, as readers, can't get a strong foothold on reality.  We are being constantly manipulated.  Just as the sleazy divorce lawyer and the social media pundits manage the TRUTH to their own agenda.  For those who were frustrated by the ending, having the LAST WORD as uttered by Amazing Amy is really the beginning of a new chapter.  And yes, there should have been a more discriminating use of the F word and C word (the overuse of profanity was a slight distraction for me).  But any book that has me laughing out loud, dazzled by the dexterity of the written word, and constantly keeping me guessing and off balance is worthy of the highest rating.  I've read all of Gillian Flynn's books and this is her best.
Gone Girl is dark is many ways but always gripping and so cleverly plotted that it will keep you guessing to the very last page.
I read this best seller(!) just because it was a best seller, and was recommended everywhere. I wasted my time! Better to pass time by perusing some classics!!
I usually do not like mysteries but this one really pulled me in. The double narrative perspectives gave the novel its initial force, and the character development was excellent.  Although the ending was realistic and plausible,  I still felt somewhat dissatisfied in that it seemed a bit forced as if the author was rushing through it.
Interesting, believable, suspensful, disappointing ending.  Do we really box ourselves into impossible situations and live them out?  Maybe a lesson for us.
Really was lost in it. Nice twists and turns.  Couldn't give it five stars cuz I wasn't that crazy about the ending..
The premise was fascinating but I was disappointed with the ending.  It didn't need a happy ending but it certainly needed a satisfying ending.
This book had such good reviews I bought it....I wish I could get my money back!!!!There is no suspense just a lot of explanation of things that have nothing to do with anything.
Never read a Gillian Flynn book and I will certainly be doing so now. Twists and turns and a what the.... ending. Keep an open mind and read it!
This is a book which I find difficult to make my mind up about.  It was very slow to start and it was about half way through before it began to pick up speed and interest me. There are two main characters in the book and I'm afraid I couldn't entirely believe in either of them.  Nick struck me as a bit wet.  For someone in the position of having been a successful man, he seems to lose his way entirely after losing his job.  Amy, duplicitous Amy - maybe such a person could exist - but I doubt it.  It was a step too far for me.  I could see how her upbringing and the strange relationship with her parents could be damaging but without giving the game away, I can't explain what I found so unconvincing about her.The writing was crisp and engaging and I wish the story had been a little more convincing.  To me, it was an over-egged pudding.  I read this for my local book group and on the whole enjoyed the experience.  I felt the ending was rather nothing.  Pity.
What a great book! I think this is one of the best, most suspenseful books I've read in a long time.
I really enjoyed this book from beginning to end. I know the characters aren't likeable, but that's the point. A lot of reviews say how the ending was terrible, but I didn't think so. I think it felt right for the whole theme of the book. I downloaded it on a Saturday and read the first two or three chapters and couldn't stop thinking about it when I went out later that night....on Sunday I spent the whole day (a beautiful day where I should have been outside) reading. Couldn't get enough. I will check out some other books by this author.
Out of nowhere, Gillian Flynn's "Gone Girl" has quickly climbed its way up the NY Times bestseller list. Personally, I discovered this novel through Amazon.com, while browsing one thing or another. The reviews were great and it sounded like a good read, so I drove down to the local bookstore and picked it up, because I wanted it in hardcover.I wanted a good, quality hardcover read. I almost got that.Gone Girl is about a man named Nick who returns home one day to find that his wife, Amy, has disappeared. She's gone. The living room is a mess, the door is wide open, and there is absolutely no telling sign of where Amy went. There are many characters to be found in Nick's search for his wife, from his endearing twin sister to his sleaze-ball lawyer to the good cop that needs to be bad given the situation.Interwoven between chapters in the present are Amy's diary entries, which reveal the nature of her and Nick's relationship.This is a simple plot that essentially banks off the fact that Nick knows nothing about his wife's disappearance and, thusly, neither does the audience. This isn't a "whodunit" type deal, with a bunch of suspects and a checklist of who could have done it and who couldn't have. This is more like "how could this have possibly been done!?" For the most part, Gillian Flynn gives the reader enough information to keep them guessing and satisfied, but occasionally, even patient readers will be frustrated with sly tricks and "quick cuts" at the end of chapters for suspense.There are a few eye-roll inducing moments at the beginning of the book where Nick will have a long conversation, and then at the end of the conversation, right after the last line, he'll say something like "That was my fifth lie of the day" or " But that wasn't true." Because the reader knows virtually nothing at this point in the story, I find this a cruel trick on the author's part to add confusion where there need not be. Its a pet peeve of mine when characters in first person (i.e. internal monologue/stream-of-consciousness) somehow manage to hide their thoughts and emotions from the reader. What... did Nick just forget he was lying until the end of the conversation?Aside from that tiny, nit-picky gripe, the writing in this book is good. Refreshingly good, actually. Gillian Flynn is insanely talented at crafting sentences that pinpoint exact emotions in between the large, key-holed classics like "angry", "sad", and "love at first sight."On Page 30 of my copy (First Edition, Hardcover), Amy's diary is remarking upon meeting her husband Nick, after a long time. This is before their real relationship starts:"And then you run into Nick Dunne on Seventh Avenue as you're buying diced cantaloupe, and pow, you are known, you are recognized, the both of you... You just know each other. All of the sudden you see *reading in bed* and *waffles on Sunday* and *laughing at nothing* and *his mouth on yours*."The entire book is written with that clear quality. Absolutely stunning.But even the prettiest writing in the world can't save this novel from the one thing that I can't forgive: it's extremity. When Part 2 starts, I was instantly disappointed. Not only had I predicted that that was something that would happen, but I had actually ruled it out because it was too ridiculous.  And then, reveal after reveal, the ante keeps getting upped from a starting point that I never fully latched onto.  It never becomes ultra-campy, but it does become  a bit too similar to the melodramatic noir novels that the book itself references. Maybe that was the intention. But Flynn's job, as a writer, is to make me buy into her scenario. She failed to do that.Granted, Flynn did an excellent job with what she had. Because, the more I think about what happened, the more ridiculous it seems. But while I was reading it, it was only *just* out of the realm of realism, so I was still able to enjoy my reading and get through the novel.The build in this book is insane. Literally, the suspense and plotting will keep you reading. But there isn't really a big bang moment. Like, I remember readingThe Da Vinci Code, and my insides lurching in white anxiety when Leigh Teabing confronts Robert Langdon in the back rooms of Westminster Abbey. I wanted the pure, unbridled thrill of confrontation like that. In my opinion, this novel does not have that.But this novel has a lot of pretty writing, and it pulls you through a deep, well developed story that will immerse even the most reluctant readers. I recommend this to most readers, but with a warning: it's not *quite* the book of the year the back cover makes it out to be. You'll enjoy it, but you won't remember it forever.
This is a true &#34;I couldn't put it down&#34; thriller with an ending I didn't see coming! I didn't want it to end!
And an all around fun read. Our book club read this and was one of the few that everyone has loved in a long time.
Don't be put off from reading this novel because it has been chosen by many book clubs. Sometimes there is a good reason for this.Gone Girl is a surprise: it's a well written book that introduces you to characters and sets up a framework and then proceeds to slice and dice that framework so that you are forced to decide what is real and what is true. Think of it as a psychological mystery that will keep you turning the page. This is not &#34;chick-lit&#34; at all.  It is well written, insightful, suspenseful and entertaining.
This book had more twists and turns than Shelmire St.  I was a little disappointed in the ending.  I like a clean finish.
Recommended by friend as great vacation book.  The plot is very intricate and there are surprises from start to finish.
I'm about half way through the book.  Lots of info about Nick and Amy and their journey.  So far no info about why Amy went missing?  Seems like the plot should be devloping by now.  Maybe I'm just missing the point but am struggling to finish the book.
The first half this book was infuriatingly hard to get through, I so wanted to put thus book down and not finish it. Luckily the second part of the book had more action and I was able to finish it. Interesting twist in this book
I absolutely love mysteries. So I expected to love this book.But I didn't. Perhaps it's because my expectations were too high based on all the buzz for this book. Perhaps it's because I've read thousands of books in my life and a mystery has to be extremely well-written for me to be amazed by it. Perhaps I couldn't enjoy it as, having been in a long-term relationship with an extremely self-absorbed, toxic partner, I had absolutely no interest in experiencing any more of it in my life.The first half of the novel is somewhat of a mystery. The vanishing of a wife and the consequences of that disappearance are relayed to us through alternating excerpts from the husband's first-person narrative and the wife's diary entries.But then, halfway through, the mystery is over. We know what happened. And all that's left is just graphic descriptions of horrible things done by horrible people. What a disappointment.This novel is a deconstruction of the relationship between two extremely self-absorbed people who -- if they could ever manage to be honest enough with a psychiatrist -- would likely be diagnosed with either Narcissistic Personality Disorder or Borderline Personality Disorder.Ultimately, I did not end up caring about either character, and felt that they both got exactly what they deserved. I just felt sorry for the undeserving third character which was going to have to spend a lifetime being subjected to them.If you like the kind of sordid horror fiction which hits the bestseller lists, or you've not had to deal with sociopaths in your real life, you will probably enjoy this.But if you're a serious reader of clever and intelligent mysteries, or you find sociopaths tiresome rather than interesting, you may find this as unsatisfying as I did.
A Beautifully crafted unusual novel. Incredibly suspenseful, very worthwhile. I don't really get the people who rated this one star and "vulgar"? Really?
Have you ever read a book where every single sentence was a work of art? That's Gone Girl. I've heard a lot of people say they had a hard time getting into it so I thought it would be confusing and drab like The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. But no. I was sucked in from the first sentence and couldn't stop reading until I'd seen the last one. Reading this book is not just a way to pass time. It's an experience.
Flynn does a great job of setting up the story making you create certain conclusions in your mind but has an unexpected twist. Very well done. Also a little creepier than I had expected but still good
Loved it!  I never expected the twist in the middle.  I loved the smart characters.  I wish the ending was different, but it's clear the author had a plan.
Gillian Flynn scares us most effectively by weaving potential conspiracies that could assail anyone.  This novel allows our worst nightmares to take flight. If you want to nurture your worst-case &#34;OMG&#34;'s garden to flourish this is the read for you.  I have read two of Flynn's three notable stories.  This one will freak you out, disrupt your sleep and make you look over your shoulder and under your bed. Do not hesitate.  I consistently demand THE story from our writers. Flynn will not disappoint.
Fantastic thriller, one of those that make the reader take a stroll around the block, with good turning points, well developed characters... I bought it out of curiosity after reading some reviews and I also recommend it!!!
This is my first read by the author. I must say, it started off slow for me, but switched towards the middle of the book.Amazing Amy, was an Amazing Mess.  I don't want to give anything away, but I will say NOTHING IN THIS STORY is what it appears to be.Gillian Flynn, did a great job of keeping up guess...  I must agree with the other reviewers, because the ending was horrible...I want so much more to happen, but it is what it is and that is why I give the book only 4 stars...If you can get passed the slow start, you will not regret reading this book. Amaaaaazing Amy is a force to be dealt with.  I'm looking forward to the next Gillian novel.
I am a Gillian Flynn fan and have loved the other books.  I didn't think that they could be topped, but this one is the best book I have read all year. I couldn't wait to get to the end...and I hated to get to the end because I didn't want to not have this book to read.  This is a complicated story of a marriage (more complicated than most I assume since it involves crimes) that has really gone off track.  Amy and Nick have serious problems and just when you think that one of them is more screwed up than the other, they surprise you.  There are more twists and turns in this book than you can imagine and the things that Amy is capable of will never cease to amaze you.  This book is so well written and the story so compelling that you will be entirely engrossed.  I just loved it.
I really wanted to love this book but I really couldn't.  The ending sucks big-time.  It was long and pretty drawn out.  It is sad what marriage can come down to.
I've never read a book quite like this a thriller, a romance but also funny. Kept me wondering until the last page. I hope there's a sequel!!
The beginning starts predicably and you know you have it all figured out and THEN  it twists in an unexpected way and then twists again. Very entertaining and very clever although by the end it was almost too much. Definitely recommend reading it.
None of this will have a spoiler, but clearly some things can be guessed by reading the review.I like the format - the dueling journal entries, so it is he said she said.I like the voice of the two - I think the author breathes life into eachIt starts off okay and then really gets interesting about half way through.  It is really quite good for a while.  Then it starts to lose focus and fall off before ending in a steaming pile.I am all for unclear endings.  I am all for things not working out in books.  But not so much with pulp like this . . . this is a summer page turner, not an emotional tale that is deep.  You got to wrap things up here.
Wow!  What a roller coaster ride of twists and turns!  The beginning is a bit slow...imagine a roller coaster beginning its slow assent up before the crazy ride begins!
It would be hard to miss Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn if you scan the Bestseller lists on Amazon.com with any frequency.I'd been noticing the book for a while, intrigued by the obvious response to it.  On a recent driving trip to Florida, I decided to listen to the audio version.The book is told in two points of view, those of a husband and wife, Nick and Amy. Promotional blurbs for the book describe it as a tale of a marriage gone horribly wrong. This is no understatement.One of the more alarming threads for me in this story is the awareness of how little we can actually know someone when we think we know them extremely well.Gone Girl is an exceptionally well-written story that unravels seam after seam to reveal yet another layer of realization and surprise.  I won't go into too much detail because the unraveling of these seams is what gives the book its allure.I really liked listening to it on audio because it deepened that sense of being in another person's thoughts. These were often unsettling, to say the least. I would categorize this book as a psychological thriller, but one with very broad characterization. By the end of the story, I truly felt like I knew Nick and Amy as well as the writer had to know them herself.Whether you read it in book form or listen to it in audio, this is an engrossing story that you'll fidget to get back to just so you can find out what's going to happen next.As the last few minutes of Gone Girl played out, I clearly understood why so many readers have shared their enthusiasm for it. I immediately wanted to do the same.5 Stars. [...]
This novel has been on the best seller list for a long time.  So I bought it and read it on my Kindle.  It's only OK in my opinion. Quite repetitive and the story line unusual but not very likely.  It is probably only worth 2 stars.
***Review posted on Ini's Ravishing Reads! blog***SYNOPSIS :Marriage can be a real killer. It is Nick and Amy Dunne's fifth wedding anniversary. Presents are being wrapped and reservations are being made when Nick's clever and beautiful wife disappears from their rented Mansion on the Mississippi River. Under mounting pressure from the police and the media as well as Amy's fiercely doting parents, the town golden boy parades an endless series of lies, deceits, and inappropriate behavior. Nick is oddly evasive, and he's definitely bitter. But is he really a killer?MY  THOUGHTS :This book had lots of buzz around the world and I wanted to check out what all the hype was about. Unexpected surprises wrapped up in a black book. Flynn's writing style is amazing. It was like watching a Hitchcock movie in which suspense builds up slowly. With razor sharp writing and her ability to build suspense till the very end of the book was astounding. Fast paced book which keeps you at the edge of the seat guessing till the end. It is said in multiple points of view and the wife's perspective as diary format was brilliant. Tense and twisted plot line. It has more dark and sudden curves than a roller coaster ride. I was not even 10 pages into the book but i found myself hooked. Now I am going to stop gushing about this book and the author and  I am going to check out other books of Gillian Flynn right away.
Nick and Amy look perfect on the outside...married 5 years, he's handsome, and she's pretty and wealthy. But scratch beneath the surface, and things aren't as rosy as they appear. When Amy disappears on their wedding anniversary, their "perfect marriage" beings to reveal itself as anything but, and Nick's unusual behavior makes him a suspect. The cops quickly zero in on Nick, but he has the support of Amy's loving parents (for now)."Gone Girl" is narrated by Nick, beginning right after Amy's disappearance. It alternates with entries from Amy's diary, written prior to her disappearance, detailing a marriage in deterioration. Amy writes, "I don't feel like Nick's wife. I don't feel like a person at all...I feel like I could disappear."The book is divided into three sections. By the end of the first, I was getting a bit antsy over the continuing police investigation. However, the opening sentences of the second section threw me for a loop and grabbed back my waning attention and held it until the end of the story.A quick note - I got a kick out of the Ellen Abbott character, clearly modeled on Nancy Grace. I could hear Nancy's righteous twang in my head as I read Ellen's dialogue.
I pride myself on being a voracious reader. This is the first book that made me, honestly, yell "WHAT!!! HOLY (profanity)"...cannot get over this book and cannot recommend it enough!
I play audio books in the car, and I found myself inventing errands and taking the long way arouond so I could listen to this book.  My daughter is now listening to it.  Her family has gone to DisneyWorld for spring vacation, and before they left she was bemoaning the fact that she has to go a whole week without finding out what happens next.  Highly recommend.
I hated the ending.  It was very disappointing.  It did keep the readers interest. Can't understand why it was so popular
Revenge and loss of self worth seemed to be the focus of this depressing story.  Whatever happened to the inner strength of most people who have job losses and find new success in many amazing ways?
This book was a real page turner but overall not as enjoyable as it should have been. The main reason for this is that I found both main characters to be beyond the realm of possibility and the ending to be highly unsuitable. To me this was a very depressing and fanciful ending. this Gone Girl is too far GONE!
I have not yet finished it but I am enjoying it very much.  It is hard to put it down.  Very well written.
An awesome book.  Each page brought new revelations and questions. I see a lot of people were put off by the ending, but I think the ending fits well with the story ... Won't say anything else to spoil it, but I will say this was a great read!!
I couldn't put it down and looked forward to the next page!Had a good plot twist that I didn't see coming.
I really do not understand all the good reviews. I bought this book 3 days ago and cannot get past the first 4 chapters. It is boring and the story is dragging and going nowhere. It does not hold my interest at all. I am returning this book for a refund.
Gone Girl is an interesting book with many twists & turns. It  begins as what appears to be a love story, then a mystery & then completely surprising. It is very much worth reading.
This is one of the best mysteries I've read in 5 years. This is possibly one of the most suspenseful books I've read in 5 years. This is also one of the best psychological thrillers I've read in 5 years. It also contains the least appealing, most obnoxious characters I've encountered in 5 years. What a great read.Aside: Do yourself a favor, however, if you are seriously considering this book - STOP READING REVIEWS and buy it before you run into a spoiler that really spoils it for you!Back to my review: With more than 2,000 reviews, I don't need to recap any plot details, and I sure as heck would hate to provide any spoilers, but I really, really loved this book. If there was any flaw, it was that a couple of characters were a bit thin. That's as brutal as I can get. There is nothing easy about reading "Gone Girl" but the author is a genius and a pretty awesome writer. Excellent book. I want a ten star button.
Loved this book.  Got into it right from the get go.  Kept me interested the whole way through.  A page turner for sure.
That's how good this book is! The first half or so is rather depressing, but then BAM!  I finished this book feeling a little dazed, like someone just slapped me upside the head. The planning, the attention to detail, the execution was just so perfect. I would turn to my husband reading next to me, look at him funny for a while, then repeatedly ask &#34;You know I love you, right?&#34; This one will keep you up really late at night.
I read a lot of fiction.  Gone Girl was so hyped before the release and seems to be selling very well.  I am unsure how I got through it.  The story plot line has been in todays news so it is a real topic fictionalized (I hope) - wife disappears - husband main suspect (look at those unrelated Petersons).  The book does switch between different time periods (I personally do not mind when an author does that as long as the transitions are smooth - I didn't like the tranistions in the book).  The case of the missing wife is built against the husband but I just wasn't buying it - it was piled on and on and got annoying.  I wasn't surprised with much of the story - it was predictable which not having read another book by this author, it shouldn't have been.  Another big problem I had with the book is I didn't like 1 single character, no one was sympathetic - they were mean, selfish, completely self-centered and completely unrelatable.  And the relationship between brother and sister was creepy.
Started off a little slow but ended really well.  Creative plot twists with several surprises. If you like mysteries and suspense I recommend this book to you.
I loved this book - couldn't put it down. I don't read that many suspense novels but this one made me want to read more. In fact I ended up reading 2 more Gilliam Flynn novels after this one (not as good but still good). The reviews are definitely right, this is a can't put down, oh my god what happens next, twist-y and turn-y novel that is well written, dark and very satisfying.
What can I say beyond the many other reviews.  This is a very engaging book, but I simply didn't like the plot closure.  For the time, and money, spent on this book, I was looking for a more pleasing/appropriate finale.  Alas, I didn't write the book.
Forget all of the sophisticated critical analysis of this brutal book; forget the politically tinged criticism linking the story to feminism, the ills of the nuclear family, etc.  It's really very simple--there is evil in human beings.  This evil is embodied in people who hurt others in order to satisfy their own psychotic needs.  People like this display a finely tuned sense of how to choose appropriate victims.  As the pundit Colin Quinn has noted, this is why you find the same stories in the Bible and in the New York Post.  Why  anyone would sympathize, excuse, or root for either of the main characters (or the secondary ones, for that matter) in this novel is a mystery.
I found the book kept me spell bound all the way through, it is an easy read with enough suspense to keep your attention.
My daughter told me this was a must read...  So I read it.  Very disappointing.  I'm waiting through this whole book for something to happen, but NOPE.  Banter between husband and wife, blah blah blah, just was NOT interesting to me at all!!
What the hell is wrong with this author? She clearly has issues, deeply rooted issues. I'm not sure how else a healthy, normal individual could write such a trite, awful, sadistic novel. What's even more appalling is that the book has so many great reviews! What's wrong with people?The plot line is boring and slow. The characters are not only unbelievable, but deeply, deeply awful and unlikeable. I was hoping they would die a horrible death by the end of the novel. Speaking of the end- that wasn't an end. It left you hollow, pissed off and just angry that you spent two hours reading this garbage.The author included the minutiae in every page, she never bothered to give a different voice to the two characters- they're both narrated from a single point of view, which is the author's....which is why, I suppose, she had to head each chapter with the name of the protagonist she was talking about. Otherwise, we'd be confused as to which character she's writing about, since they both sound the same.I too was pressured into reading this, simply because of all the reviews and the fact that "the ending leaves you speechless"....it does, but not in a good way-instead, in a "I want to gargle my mouth with bleach" way, and then drive to wherever this author lives and smack her across the head with this damn book.Awful. Totally awful, undeserving of its praise. Never, ever, in my life have I read a book with more unlikeable characters. I hope she stops writing altogether. Do the world a favor!
I liked this book for the most part. My only reservation was the authors style. For me, there were just descriptions of things that were often obvious and just not necessary to be included in the story. I don't need the sound effects for an action, that was annoying for me. These types of descriptions were a bit distracting and childish. Beyond that, there were many good qualities of the story including the unexpected. I don't like to put storyline material in a review, you can get that from the book description. You get to know the characters and just when you think you know everything, surprise, there is more to learn. Very unpredictable and fun. I will buy another from this author. I only hope in my next read, the author does not include more of this unnecessary wordy descriptions of the obvious.ker-plunk!
A friend recommended this book to me.  After I finished it I called her and told her that I hated her.This is one of those books that will get a reaction out of you.  It might not be a positive reaction, but it will be a reaction.The first half of the book was not doing anything for me.  I kept wondering why my friend had told me that I would love it.  Then came the twist with the second half of the book and I realized right away why I was not connecting with the characters in the first half.  IT WAS ALL A LIE.I don't want to give away any spoilers but half to say that this book is a crazy thrill ride.  If you can hang in there till the twist when you realize what a crazy ride you are on it is well worth it.I can't say that I loved either of the main characters.  Talk about twisted.  But you can't put it down.  It is like a train wreck where you can't turn your head.  There are no redeeming qualities in these characters.  There is no one to root for.  It is just a twisted, dark book.  And then it ENDS.  Just END's.  &#34;I just wanted to have make sure I had the last word&#34;  What does that mean?  Is the twisted punishment going to start all over again?  This is the kind of ending that I hate.So if you love a book with characters that you will hate.  Characters with no redeeming qualities and ending that leave you hanging this is the perfect book for you.If you are not into dark and twisted stories, then don't bother because that is all this one has going for it.
I would recommend this book to those who like suspense and murder novels. I admit hit wraps you up into its ever weaving plot so much you can't put down the book. For me, I don't personally like suspense or murder novels but I guess this one was &#34;light enough&#34;.
This was, by far, one of the best novels I've read in a long time.  Just when you think you know what's going on, it changes.  Then, when you think you know what's going on, it changes again!  I loved it and am recommending it to everyone!
The idea and narrative structure were interesting, but the execution was shaky, particularly in the last segment, which I found rushed, unrealistic, and not compelling. It was a novel of characters that rang false and insincere to me.
IT WAS A VERY GOOD READ AND NOT WHAT I EXPECTED.  THIS IS THE FIRST BOOK I HAVE READ BY THIS AUTHOR BUT IT WON'T BE THE LAST.  A HARD BOOK TO PUT DOWN.
Lots of twists.....does anyone know if there is a sequel? The ending wasn't what I was hoping...she has to be stopped.
The book has 7000+ reviews so clearly you can trust the average rating. This is the first book I've read by the author so I cannot relate to her other books, which seems to have higher amazon ratings.This is a solid four star book. Not a masterpiece, but a very good read. The story is interesting and just when it begins to drag on a few occasions something happens to bring it back to life. The structure of the book is rather original so it does not feel like the result of a creative writing course. That is good.In my experience, female authors often lose the narrative. Not so this author. A strong narrative and a female perspective add to make this book interesting. Recommended!
I can usually predict the ending within the first couple of chapters. This story kept me guessing, with so many twists and turns. In a previous review someone had mentioned that it seemed like the second half of the book was written by someone else. At first I had to agree with that and it threw me off for about two or three chapters.  Now that I finished the book and saw the story unfold, I see that the twist was intentional. I could not put the book down and kept me guessing throughout. I gave it three stars just because it had a few crude paragraphs that made me cringe.
More than Tom Wolfe's BONFIRE OF THE VANITIES, which used to hold my prize for THE GREAT AMERICAN NOVEL, Gillian Flynn has re-produced America in dramatic and enjoyable fiction -- crumbled marriages, insane tribal conventions, a truly sick media, and a system of justice that defies logic and the law. In exceptional language and gut wrenching insight, Flynn has created characters that mirror everything wrong with our world, our lives, and our relationships. The people who detested this book are the people who created it -- sick, stupid, and savage -- for GONE GIRL is nothing if not a mirror. Look deep inside the glass, people. We're all there. What a read!I'm going back for her other books, and will purchase everything she ever writes. Wow!
This book sucks you in and grabs you in the first several pages.  It progresses quickly, making it hard to put it down.  The suspense builds, action occurs.  It's a great book.  Until the end.  Was she paving the way for a sequel?  Overall it's a very entertaining read, but I must take away a star for the unsatisfying ending.  No spoilers here, but just be prepared to be a bit disappointed.
I would give it 5 stars but it was a little over the top! Too many unbelievable twist & turns.
Excellent story.  It started a bit slow but picked up the pace and I couldn't' put it down.  I would recommend the book to all who love mystery.
Super entertaining. Very much a page-turner and a "can't put it down" read. Seems a lot of folks gave bad ratings for hating the ending. I thought the ending was appropriate. But then... I'd heard so many people say before I read the book "Oh that was a good book; I hated the ending" that I had already guessed what the ending would be long before I got there.I thought there were a few plot points that could have been explained a little better to make them a little more believable (don't want to go into too much detail and be spoiler-y). Just some spots were the bounds of believability of the lengths the character would go to were a bit stretched for me.This is not normally a genre I read, but I had to see what all the buzz was about. A good read and on the whole I would definitely recommend this book.
A scary book when you consider that an insane person could have so much control and desire to wreck your life. Then of course, you find out that YOU'RE insane as well.
Incredible tantalizing story. Nicks wife of five years gets taken on their anniversary. The book is set up to read as Nick going through current life and Amy's (the wife) past diary entries. As an avid book reader, I didn't expect to fall for the tricks of the characters, and yet I did. About half way through, you think you have the book totally figured out and then there is a twist and it all hits the fan. Which I found to be completely enthrall long. I read it in about 5 days because it was really well written.
This book had  so many twists and turns to it.  Was  a great read....could never see the next twist coming!!!! will read more by this author....  it was a fun read!!!!
I could not put this book down. I loved how it was from two peoples perspectives, every other chapter. The author paid great attention to details and most of the book was full of &#34;Ahhhhhhhhhhh's&#34; and OMG's. But then, the last 30 pages or so, I feel like the author got board and was just trying to throw together an ending. The attention to detail was gone, the feelings you had for the characters had changed. It just wasn't a good ending. NO satisfaction what so ever. NO &#34;wow, I really did not expect that&#34;..... Other than I really did not expect to be so disappointed with the book when it was done after getting off to such a good start. I have a one year old and managed to read this in under a week, it was that good... That is until I got to the ending and felt like I was just robbed of a substantial amount of precious time!
At first I wasn't sure if I was going to like this book, but I'm so glad I stuck with it. The way the book is written got a hold of me and didn't let go until the last word. You think you know what is going on and then another mind awakening spin is thrown at you. Most gripping book I have read in a long time.
I rated this book two. It has to be one of the screw up books l have ever read. It has so many twists and turns at times hard to keep up with.
I went back & forth between liking & hating this book. Some parts were written very well while others were poor. The ending was the biggest disappointment for me.
What an unbelievable  ending. Could have done without so much foul language. I am no prude but, thought the language was a little over board.jFlynn has an amazing and creative mind.
This book really took some turns that I didn't expect. I really liked it. Through half of the book you're thinking one way, and then...a complete turn around.
Flynn is an amazing writer,  I've read her other books, too.  This one is the best.  In fact, one of the best books I've read in a long time.  Really ingenious.  Loved it.
Loved the beginning, a little trashy, but I could live with that.  A KU Jayhawk subtly trashing eastern Missouri and Mizzou fans was harder to take, but the worst was the toxic relationships that abound in the book.  I just wanted to take a shower and wished I could hose it out of my brain when I was done.
Outrageously original and disturbing to read in parts. Not because of the language or sexuality...I mean, we're grown-ups right? But I think Ms Flynn voices some disturbing emotion that all of us have at some point or another during a relationship. That fine line between love and hate so beautifully vivid and forceful. I did, however, predict the ending fairly early. Not that it ruined the read, but it is the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5. The writing is supberb.Confessions of a Corporate Slut
I recommended this book to my friends. Some have already read it. Some hate it BUT I loved it! Easy read about a not so easy marriage.
This was a very strange book and I plowed through hoping it would get better. A few interesting chapters but not worth reading for the stupid ending.
I think Gillian Flynn is a great writer.  Although I thought it was a little verbose, each short section moves the story forward. And I kept turning the page. She is actually one of the few female authors writing right now whose writing I think is witty and fun and fabulous, but in the end, this story is not about a real character. Although it started off promising with two characters of our time facing the economic downturn that will define this decade, in the end, it is an investigation into the mindset of a psycho bitch, which is a stereotype and an exaggeration of the controlling perfectionist woman. The author has turned her book into comedy. In the end, this story, despite its fancy footwork in terms its writing, is vacuous.
This book really kept me going and I was shocked at the ending but I like that about the book.  I was so sure I knew what was really going on only to find out I did not at all.  very clever, turned pages fast and looked forward to the next read.  very good characters, life of a marriage in the first 5 yrs.( we all think we are a little crazy) and personalities in families.. loved it.  would recommend to friends.  looking forward to our Book Club discussion tonight.  Enjoy!
I couldn't put it down.  I'm usually a slow reader, but I got this one done in only a few days.
I loved this book from the beginning.  It caught my attention right away.  I loved the style of writing but most of all, I loved the twist in the story.  It really took my by surprise.
This book. Seriously. This book. It was ALL everyone could talk about and since I've been a Gillian Flynn fan since her first novel, I was obviously going to get around to reading this one. This was one of those novels that I went back and forth between loving and hating because I absolutely LOVED it until I got to a certain point and then I was so abnormally angry with this novel that I almost threw it out the window. I'm not lying. I was that pissed off about it.I've loved all of Flynn's novels before but the writing in this novel was superb. It was seriously such an incredibly complex and well-written novel. I'd promise myself only "one more chapter" and that would almost always turn into five more chapters. Flynn has a way with her narrative voice that makes it impossible to not get addicted to reading her novels...especially this one. Nick and Amy are so intricately written, so deviously deceptive, so... irrevocably interesting. If I could possess just of fifth of Flynn's writing abilities, I'd be in good shape. Seriously. Not only are her books worth reading for pleasure, but they're worth studying because every writer should aspire to write novels the way that she does. She completely charms the pants off of her readers and invites them into her disturbing, crazy, fictitious world. The twist and turns in this book are some of the best I've ever seen in a novel. Just when you think you have things figured out--you have no effing clue what's about to pop up. The characters are a particular place of controversy for me because even though I absolutely hated one character...I also had to love to hate her because Flynn was just that good about writing the character. It's hard not to appreciate the talent it takes to write such a reprehensible character like she does. Really, the thing I loved MOST about this novel is how it messes with your mind. I couldn't stop thinking about what I was reading, the situations the characters were going through and every night as I set the book aside, it's what I fell asleep thinking about and it's what I woke up thinking about. Then, after I finished it, even as I'm writing this review, I can't get certain things out of my mind. This is the kind of book I live for.... the kind that won't get the hell out of my brain even though I finished it months ago.Honestly, the ONLY thing I can complain about, (and it's a rather large complaint) is the ending. I've thought about it long and hard and while I've read many many reviews that both loved and hated the ending, I can only speak for myself when I say that I HATED the ending. I hated it. The ending is the thing that caused my coveted 5 star rating down to a 3.5 or 4 star rating. I've said it many times before and I've even campaigned for more authors to do the sort of ending that Flynn gave in this novel, however... I just couldn't dig it this time. I was so pissed off. I felt gypped, I felt betrayed and I felt like I invested a lot of time, emotion and brain power in this novel to have such a cheapened experience with the ending. I can't really elaborate any further because it's almost impossible to say anything else without giving spoilers and this is a book that deserves to be read from beginning to end without spoilers but I can't write this review confidently without giving my honest opinion and that is the ending friggin sucked. Okay, rant over.Overall, I had to go ahead and give a 4 star rating because I really did love 3/4 of the novel. And regardless of the ending, it was stellar book with impeccable writing. Gillian Flynn has shot to the top of my favorite authors even with the little ending mishap. I'm not so narcissist to think that everyone will have the same views of the ending as I did, so I HIGHLY recommend you give this book a try and see if you loved the ending. I know a lot of people who did. In all honesty, I can totally see why this book was all people could talk about. Give a try. Let me know what you think.
Like everyone else, I devoured this book in a single sitting. It's really, really good. SPOILERS START HERE: The first big reveal that Amy was framing Nick was absolutely THRILLING and I was hooked. But from then on out, the action for me was all about Amy getting her comeuppance. I was sticking with it to see Nick finally get his vindication, Bony finally become the likely hero, Go to get to punch Amy in the face. That was the payoff, and it didn't come. Moreover the twists with Desi and everything just kinda didn't work for me. I could handle Amy as a woman scorned and even root for her, but once she became a murderer I just hated her. Also I did not think the ambiguous ending worked here; I hope there is a sequel where Amy gets hers. If this happens, I'll come back and change my review from four stars to five. Anyway, it's definitely a delicious read and much better than 90% of the stuff out there. I look forward to her next book!
I have to say, I was a bit bored in the first 75-100 pages.  It seemed like any tv movie where a wife dies and the husband is the main suspect, but  the twist was a great surprise.  The next 25 pages were interesting and then again began to bore me then again there is another surprise.  I'm giving it 4 stars because I did like the 2 twists in the book, but I can't believe a movie is being made out of this book.
I LOVED this novel!  Extremely well woven, lots of surprises, the reader is constantly forced to review his/her judgements and rethink the likely storyline.  I don't want to give anything away, so .... I highly recommend this book!
This book lived up to its hype!  The book was not predictable as some of these type books can be.  I couldn't put it down and hope another comes out soon that is as interesting.
I know this is a hot book right now and if I have any true literary understanding I should love it but...I didn't.  I am an avid reader but it was a little too clever for me.  As a woman who understands how sometimes you just want to get back at a man who has wronged you, and who didn't blame Lorena Bobbitt, there were parts of the book I appreciated.  But I hated the ending and I hated the wife Amy.  I found her a sniveling spoiled brat.
I purchased this book based on an Amazon recommendation and the high review "stars" that it has.I didn't read the description so I had no idea what it was about or what to expect, which always seems to help my enjoyability level for a book.I started it on the plane for my last vacation and from that point, couldn't put it down.  Right from the start it was very intriguing - I had no idea what happened to Amy!This was such a page-turner I finished it much quicker than I had hoped.  BUT, with that said, the ending was terrible.  Minor spoiler alert: there's no closure.  Absolutely no resolution to this story.  Flynn just ended the book.  It's almost like she gave up and couldn't think of an appropriate ending.  The whole build up to Amy's return and her clever and obviously disturbed planning and mental state - and then that was it.  Guess she just felt like she couldn't top her suprising return?Very bad ending.  I was so disappointed with the anticlimactic, blunt closure.I am still giving it 4-stars since up until - literally - the last few pages, I was enthralled!  Wonderful, wonderful read.  But horrible ending.I feel cheated.
Good book, had some interesting twists... I felt like the ending was short or like it was rushed to be finished.
Crazy story! Keeps you reading but totally crazy and believable at the same time. All I have to say is wow!
Well written and very well thought out. This book will keep you guessing till the end. Not a very happy book but very well done.
I really liked the 2 perspective writing style and all of the plot twists.  This book made it onto Amazon's 100 best book list, and I think it deserves to be there.  This is the best book I have read in a long while.
I am a big fan of Gillian Flynn, having read and loved her first two novels. She does not disappoint this time. You probably have already heard about the plot, which revolves around the strange disappearance of Amy Dunne on the day of her fifth wedding anniversary to Nick. There is no need to give more plot detail as that will spoil the twists and turns.  The writing is excellent and engaging.  Flynn continues to explore the darker side of humanity, although I did not find this book as wrenching and disturbing as her first two. But there is plenty of nasty stuff in here, don't worry!This is a great read and definitely recommended. I am already looking forward to her next book.
Gillian Flynn's best seller depicts a marriage gone terribly wrong that ignites on its fifth anniversary (July 5, 2012) from a simmering, sinister set of dire circumstances into a criminal investigation.  Diabolical schemes of revenge and spousal annihilation explode this private nightmare into a national feeding frenzy by the media.  The pages turn and the suspense mounts.  A great read!
This book kept me wondering what would happen next.  It is fun to have a book that is hard to put down.
I liked the way this story was written and how it jumps from vantage point to vantage point.  Without giving away the ending, I  was disappointed with the unexpected ending.
The ending is fine its just after so much detail in the first 95% of the book the ending feels a bit rushed.  The book has a unique structure in that the narrative alternatives between the husband's and wife's views of the wife's disappearance.  Chapters alternate every 5-10 pages with a sometimes creative sometimes gimmicky cliffhangers carrying over until the next narrative.
I listened to the audiobook, which was very well read and actually, I think, that reading enhanced the quality of the book.  Gone Girl was quickly absorbing, and I eagerly anticipated what looked to be an extraordinary reading experience; something way superior to the usual fare at the bookstand. Then, without warning, about three-quarters of the way through, the plot and then the ending itself agonizingly went to hell before my very eyes, leaving me disappointed and feeling unfulfilled. Read the first half anyway.  The lead female character, particularly, is very interesting and I found her attitude, perceptiveness, and manner of speaking quite interesting and amusing.
I'm 86 yrs. old.  The only fault with this yarn is (like so many of the otherwise excellent reads) the over worked use of the f--- word.Ordinary folks don't talk this way.  Otherwise it was a very clever and imaginative plot; well written.  Five stars with the overuse of the unnecessary swear words eliminated.
This is a very good psychological thriller that begins on the fifth wedding anniversary of Nick and Amy Dunne. The couple has had some difficult times of late, and after living a charmed life in New York City, they have both recently lost their jobs and have moved back to Nick's childhood hometown in Missouri. In an effort to support them, Nick as borrowed the last of the money in Amy's trust fund to buy a bar that he's running with his sister, Go.On the morning of the anniversary, Nick is at the bar when he receives a phone call from a neighbor; his front door is standing open and the cat has wandered out onto the porch. Nick races home to discover that Amy is missing and that furniture has been knocked over in the living room, apparently as the result of a struggle. The police arrive and begin to investigate, but what has happened is far from clear. The only thing certain is that Amy is gone, leaving behind the clues that will lead Nick to his anniversary present, something that has been her tradition on each of their anniversaries.The story unfolds, alternating Nick's story in the wake of Amy's disappearance with diary entries that Amy wrote describing her life and the state of their marriage. Nick behaves in a manner that seems curious to many and before long, he will emerge as the prime suspect in the case. In the world of the 24/7 news cycle, the case becomes fodder for cable TV &#34;journalists,&#34; and hovering over it all, are Amy's truly weird parents who have made a living writing children's books featuring a character named &#34;Amazing Amy,&#34; loosely based on their daughter.It's a gripping story, and the reader is whipped back and forth between Nick and the voice that emerges from Amy's diary until you don't know what to believe or whom to sympathize with. But the story will keep you on the edge of your seat right up to the shattering conclusion.
I don't know if I have been away from something different for awhile or what, but dang, I enjoyed this book.  GIRL GONE by Gillian Flynn is my first book by this author; I will be back for more. It is different.  Told differently and it reeled me right in.  At first I felt funny reading it, like someone peeking into a marriage that shouldn't.  Then it took off.  What happened here?  Who done it?  Was he a killer? He was a cheat.  Was she?  Is she alive?  Who is guilty and of what?  All I can say is get this book.  Read it.  Enjoy.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
Gillian Flynn writes a great story that takes the reader in every which she can.  She blends clich&eacute; in, then out before you can call it.  It's the most predictable unpredictable book I've read in some time.  Every turn there is an &#34;Oh man&#34; I didn't see that coming straight to the end.  Didn't love the end, but I finally knew that there were no more twists ahead. 4 Stars.
_Gone Girl_ takes many of the little contemptible, cruel, careless, insensitive, and dull things that typical couples hurt each other with and amplifies them into a horrific and catastrophic symphony of loathing. I disliked the novel not because it was poorly written, but because it's not my kind of story. I suppose if it had been a hack novel, it wouldn't have upset me like this. So, I give Gillian Flynn high marks for crafting such despicable creatures. You may not mind protagonists who you can't love in any way, and you may find them interesting and intriguing because of their hateful behavior. If you do, I respect that, and it's likely you'll enjoy this well-crafted thriller. However, be prepared to put this book down with a nasty twist in your gut.
The writer Tom McIntyre (The Snow Leopard&#8217;s Tale, Dreaming the Lion, Seasons & Days), once made a comment to me to the effect that he couldn&#8217;t bear to read any of the current crop of ballyhooed, hip-and-happening young authors because they had all grown up in relatively well-to-do urban or suburban homes, gone to good schools and good colleges and then to the Iowa Writer&#8217;s Workshop and from there to New York, without ever doing anything, and then they all wrote immense dusty tomes about the terrible stresses and neuroses of growing up in relatively well-to-do urban or suburban homes and going to good schools and good colleges and then on to the Iowa Writer&#8217;s Workshop and from there to New York, without ever doing anything. This may be an unfair assessment on Tom&#8217;s part, since he is doubtless contrasting their experience with his own, and he has done an incredible number of adventurous things in the old-fashioned, two-fisted Hemingway tradition, but it&#8217;s also a criticism that has a good deal of truth to it.Gillian Flynn, author of Gone Girl, grew up in a well-to-do home in Kansas City, went to good schools and a good college (University of Kansas), got her master&#8217;s degree in journalism from Northwestern, and went to New York. Gone Girl is about a young married couple who grew up in well to do homes, went to good schools and good colleges&#8230;So, for the first part of this three-part novel, we are in the familiar territory of (fill in the name of practically any successful and critically acclaimed American author of the last fifteen or twenty years), exploring the familiar joys and stresses of marriage, love, passionate sex, compromise, the shades of growing estrangement, all the normal&#8212;and familiar&#8212;stages of modern matrimony. But Gillian Flynn has transformed this routine fare into a marriage of the damned seen through a series of distorted fun-house mirrors, so that just about the time I started wondering, as I have with (fill in the title of practically any critically acclaimed book by practically any&#8230;etc.), why the hell I was wasting my time reading this, the first hints began coming, pale, faint adumbrations of something slightly off, distortions in the mirrors. It wasn&#8217;t much, but it was enough to make me stick with it, and hoo-boy! I&#8217;m glad I did.The second part of this book is where Ms. Flynn takes us behind the mirrors. Since I would not be doing you or her any kindness to spoil the surprises that come, I will only say she paints as convincing and chilling a portrait of a sociopath as I have encountered in a long time. I once had the misfortune to become enmeshed with a sociopath myself, and I count myself lucky to be alive; Ms. Flynn&#8217;s creation makes the sociopath in my life look like a Sunday school teacher. She has created a thing of icy, implacable, ruthless narcissism that is like a real-life super villain&#8212;unstoppable, indestructible, a terminator, something that cannot be killed, because it has no life to begin with, a thing without a heart, without a soul, a thing concerned only with its own needs and wants and desires, a human version of the man-eating plant in Little Shop of Horrors: &#8220;Feed me, Seymour!&#8221; If you are married, or have any hope of ever becoming married, don&#8217;t read the second part of this book.Actually, if you&#8217;re married, or have any hope of ever becoming married, don&#8217;t read the third part of this book either. Again, I don&#8217;t want to spoil things, so let me just say that Ms. Gillian turns the screw, slowly, from unusual and unexpected angles, and she ends the book in a way that&#8230; No. I&#8217;ll leave it there.Is Gone Girl a perfect book? No. Readers with working familiarity of police procedure will recognize certain liberties taken, and there are some gaps in the plot, but you probably won&#8217;t notice these until long after you&#8217;ve put the book back on the shelf. Besides, Raymond Chandler and Alfred Hitchcock both managed to entertain us very well even as they took enormous liberties. Did I come away with a richer understanding of the human condition? If you include inhuman sociopaths as humans, yes, but otherwise, no. On the other hand, that isn&#8217;t why I purchased the book. I wanted to be entertained, and I was. I also had nightmares. One last comment: if I were married to Gillian Flynn, I would be very, scrupulously, uxoriously polite to her. She is a seriously demented puppy.
She should have died giving birth. That would have been perfect! The ending was just &#34;i am done talking-that's it&#34;.
Gillian Flynn's third novel features all of the masterful storytelling and psychological intrigue that readers of her first (very good) two novels have come to expect--yet in "Gone Girl," she has outdone herself.This novel combines all of the inherent drama of a "wife-disappears-and-husband-is-immediately-suspected" tale, but Flynn takes that hackneyed formula and turns it on its head. She does this primarily by creating two characters/narrators who simply cannot be trusted to tell the truth--and that premise informs the entire narrative because, even though this novel ostensibly tells the story of a married couple who slowly begin to discover that they don't know each other nearly as well as they think they do, it also tells the story of cultural narratives and the power they have to influence our behavior and guide our beliefs.Cable news channels and the Internet have spawned an endless parade of these cultural narratives--with the "vanished spouse" among the more popular ones--and Flynn uses the power of these narratives to demonstrate the alarming degree to which they have come to shape our perceptions of each other.I won't say much more about the plot details--doing so would deprive you of the sense of intrigue and sheer fun you will have in reading this book. I'll simply say that Gillian Flynn is a novelist who will appeal to your intellect, tell a great story, and compel you to consider just how well we know the people we believe we love.
Excellent writing, characterization and plot.  Lots of twists and turns and the best use of unreliable narrators I have seen in quite awhile.
I did not like the book. That's just me. I can see how so many rated the book so highly, but I could not get to the good part. Please try the book I truly believe it is just a matter of it being a book that took to long to grab me.
This book has many layers! Can't wait to discuss at my book club. Great insight into how the human psyche rationalizes its decisions it makes and why.
I picked up one of Gillian Flynn's earlier books, "Sharp Objects" off a bargain table earlier this year.  In the subsequent months, I have inhaled all of her books, including "Gone Girl."  The thing that I like best about Flynn's novels is that she is not interested in creating characters that appeal to readers.  Her main characters are flawed, mean, selfish, disturbed and, in this case at least, really and truly psychopathic.  In "Gone Girl," Flynn focuses on the marriage of Nick and Amy Dunne.  The Dunnes are forced to move from New York City to Nick's hometown in Missouri when they both lose their jobs.  As a resident of St. Louis, Missouri, I can attest that the accuracy with which Flynn depicts a dying town on the shores of the Mississippi River is spot on and pitch-perfect.  As she slowly reveals the cracks in the Dunne's marriage--which are put on display for the world to see when Amy mysteriously disappears--the reader learns that neither Nick nor Amy Dunne was a perfect spouse.  But it is not until a twist about mid-way through the novel that the true depths of the characters' dysfunction are revealed.  Writing any more would ruin the surprise, suffice it to say that even if you manage to guess the twist before it happens, you will still be surprised by where things go from there.  Overall, the book is a dark, original and thoroughly entertaining read.  I would highly recommend it.
All I can say is wtf!!  Wow what a crazy book.  I will patiently wait for the movie. Didn't like how it turned out. Her style of writing was good. Wow.
Hated this book.  Hated the characters.  Hated the ending.  Huge waste of time.  Ending was frustrating and I felt like I wasted too many hours of my life reading this.
I enjoyed this book very much.  It keeps you guessing.  You won't be sorry purchasing this book.  The author gives you some very interesting characters.
very disturbing - not sure I enjoyed the unsettling, dark underbelly of the personal relationships of these people.  'hate to think that there might actually be people like this out there!
This book is disturbing. So good but so twisted. You don't know what to believe or who to root for. You switch sides every chapter I hope it's a great movie. If the authors other books are similar not sure I can read them. Too dark like Lovely Bones author
Not at all what i was expecting..in a very good way! Very intelligently written. So many twists and turns, i Couldnt put it down!
The book was different. I had to keep reading just to see how it would end. The two main charters were a little wacked.
Gone Girl is one of the most complex novels I've ever read. During the first few chapters, I was annoyed with Amy and the sing-song quality of her narration. I kept asking myself, "What's all the fuss about this book?" But the more I read, the more I understood and it really hit me at about 45%, after which I could not put the book down. For the first half of Gone Girl, I felt sort of uncomfortable while reading until I realized why. It's the writing - it's so hateful and angry. It makes you feel like you're the dinner guest of a spatting couple and can't escape. But it's more than that; it's malicious and hateful and you want to turn away from it. Once I realized where the 'sour taste' was coming from (and that it wasn't directed at me!), I really got into the story of Nick and Amy. Every time I thought I had an idea where the story was going, something happened to direct me somewhere else. Flynn's writing is masterful; the characters she created are practically indescribable (they're that baffling). And what's more is that she created two people who understand each other so well, whose twisted minds are so perfectly matched, that it seems inevitable that they will self-destruct. Nick and Amy are totally dysfunctional as a couple and as individuals, but they are soul mates. Are they better off apart? Or do they need each other to balance the crazy? As for the much debated ending, I thought it was perfect. Definitely read this book.
I went into this knowing that the ending made a lot of people angry, even to go so far as giving it a poor review. What I love about this book is what most people hate - the ending.  I love that it wasn't predictable.  I love that there was injustice.  Not everything is going to be perfectly packaged and that's what's awesome.
I loved this book!  This is a difficult one to review, as it is important not to give away any of the storyline.  I can tell you the author has a unique way of telling his story.  His narrative and dialogue draw the reader in. This is one of those books that I could not put down.  I must admit, I hesitated purchasing the book as I did not know if I would enjoy a book about a man accused of murdering his wife.  I only wished I hadn't hesitated.
I enjoyed the story but wasn't happy with the ending. Maybe a part 2? Just kind of ended and I expected more.
I'm sorry I wasted my reading over spring break on this book.  Neither main character had many, if any, admirable qualities. They truly deserved each other. I spent too much time reading this book--it wasn't worth it.
Five stars in a book review tends to raise people's suspicions but in this case it's well worth it. Fantastic character development, fantastic plot that went in directions I never suspected. I like a dark read and this was dark!
This was initially difficult to get into as there was a lot of time and place switching (noted under each chapter title and easy to miss.) What kept me going was the fun and funny voices of the protagonists, Nick and Amy. And once I got going, I found myself carrying the book around wherever I went in the hopes I could read another few pages. The story unfolded like the Scott Petersen murder, and then took a twist, getting stranger and stranger with each quickly-turned page. Unfortunately, the ending left me a bit cold. Like a cold cloth on an otherwise hot, exciting ride.
Most amazing way to tell a story that is a page turner you can't put down. Every time you think you have it figured out, another twist comes. Can't wait to read more from this author.
"She wasn't on the water, she wasn't in the house. Amy was not there. Amy was gone." - page 24 Gone GirlGone Girl surprised me, and I like to think that that's hard to do. Not only was the plot relatively unpredictable, the characters and what they're each hiding is thrilling. Gillian Flynn surprised me by not being your run-of-the-mill mystery/thriller author. Flynn's characters were not only dynamic, they brought to mind a person that you knew and never understood before. There was an amount of Humbert Humbert (from Lolita) in them. I won't say how much, that would spoil the novel, and the subject matter is thankfully quite different. In Gone Girl, Flynn discusses our ideas and ideals of marriage. But I digress, here's a synopsis for you:The book starts with Nick, a married man in his 30s celebrating his fifth anniversary with his wife, Amy. They live in Nick's hometown of North Carthage, Missouri, where they moved almost two years previously, after each losing their jobs in New York City and Nick found out his mother was dying. Amy resents Nick for having moved them away from her hometown, and Nick resents her resentment.And then, Amy disappears. The novel switches to a diary entry from Amy from seven years before, when she met Nick. From then on we see Nick's story unravel in present time while we get to hear Amy's side of the story through her diary."Give me a man with a little fight in him, a man who calls me on my bulls***. (But who also kind of likes my bulls***.)" - page 29 Gone GirlI don't know how much I can say without ruining some plot twist for you, but do be warned it is a bit slow for a thriller. I would not say it was boring, or that you could leave it for long, but you are physically capable of putting the book down, as opposed to The Hunger Games. I might even classify it in the Song of Ice and Fire realm...you can put it down, but inevitably you want to know who done it!All of the characters seemed like possible suspects: from old stalkers to jealous in-laws, the husband or too-good-to-be-true parents possibly masquerading as psychotics? this is where my mind goes. And while the suspect was on my list of suspects...when every character you've heard mentioned even once is on your list, it's rather likely that you'll at least guess. But the method, and the story behind Amy's disappearance...just wait until you get there."It's a very difficult era in which to be a person, just a real, actual person, instead of a collection of personality traits selected from an endless Automat of characters." - page 73 Gone GirlSee more books I love at [..]
Seriously..... that is the best ending you can come up with?  The author copped out on this book.  The ending was just dumb and if that was the best you could do you should have done it much earlier.  I have never been so angry about a book wasting my time and money like this one has.  The author owes us all an apology for writing such a stupid ending and the publishers owe us an apology for publishing a book with such a stupid ending.
Excellent!!!!! Psychopathic wife goes missing and husband is suspect #1.I won't say another thing. You've just GOT to read it!!!!!!!!
Loved the twists and turns, they took me completely by surprise! Like many readers I was unfulfilled by the ending!
The book is intriguing and weaves a dark tale about relationships and their nuances and how things that happened in the past affect our futures.  However, I didn't like one character in the book.  They were all damaged - some more than others - but mostly they weren't people I would spend a minute with.
Very different kind of mystery novel. I was disappointed in the ending. Curious to see how the movie will handle it, although I wish I didn't know how it ended.
This was the perfect end-of-summer read for Labor Day weekend with a few mojitos.  (I suspect it would work as well on a rainy afternoon with a pot of tea or a glass of sherry.) It is very well written, but not exactly a "literary" novel.  The character development is brilliant (if sneaky, but that's part of the enjoyment), even if there are very few characters that are likeable by the end (and what happens at the end, anyway?). The way in which the author manages to create and then tie up loose ends (or sometimes not) is worthy of Dickens.
My name finally came up on the wait list for Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl. It has been incredibly popular since it came out in June 2012, and now I know why. I had a very hard time putting it down. The plot is full of suspense and the writing is terrific. Even though I guessed the first "big reveal" about three chapters in, there were plenty of twists and turns I did not expect. I didn't like either of the main characters, and yet I could not resist reading more about them. I wanted to know what was going to happen next.The day of their fifth wedding anniversary finds Nick at the bar he owns with his sister and his wife Amy at home. He gets a call from a neighbor - his front door is open and the cat is out. Amy never lets the cat out. When Nick races home, he discovers signs of a struggle. The book takes it from there, as chapters alternate between Amy's dated diary entries and Nick's account of his life as he comes increasingly under suspicion.That short description barely scratches the surface of this book. I like character development, and there is plenty of that in Gone Girl, but there's plenty of action too. If you are looking for an engrossing read, I highly recommend this book - just make sure you have plenty of time to read once you start it!
I kept reading because of the suspense build up, but I did not enjoy the characters.  We never do find out what makes them tick.  The twin sister is really poorly developed.
The author writes very well, keeps the reader wanting to continue.  However, I personally would have enjoyeda different ending.  Perhaps a sequel is in the works.
I will say it again, I like her writing but there is always something missing.  Some places there needs to be more.....more info.....more writing what is going on in a situation.......I can't put my finger on it.  I feel after some pages, what, that's it??I have more to say about the ending but I can't because it would ruin it.Good book and I would read more because I do like the stories.
This is a perfect example of why I should  learn to ignore positive buzz surrounding a title.  This book was well-written but in too many ways, disappointing.
Easy download, no issues.  It was an enjoyable read with a frustrating ending.  A very easy read by a talented author.
I do not usually read thrillers, but I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I would recommend it for a long airplane ride or the beach.  The hours will fly by as this story unfolds.
I think it is best not to know too much about this book before you read it. I found it to be a very entertaining, sometimes disturbing, not for the bashful, who done it. This is not a great piece of literature although it is very well written. If you only want a G rated read this would not be for you. I had a hard time putting this book down which is the type of book I really felt like reading at the time.
This is a fun, frustrating rollercoaster ride of a mystery. I was alternately cheering for the wife and then husband during the bulk of the story. I would turn to my friend who recommended it to me and say "these people are so effed up", "he deserves better  than her", then " no, I was wrong. She deserves better than him", " no, they're both crazy!".It carries you along and is quite engrossing. And then it just fails! The ending is so disappointing, but you can't stop yourself from staying on the ride until the end. As good as it was up to that point, I found myself feeling "why did I spend so much time with these people?" Yet, I don't truely regret reading it. Just be ready for a let down (which my friend did not feel).
This is a great twisted read that keeps you guessing for awhile then blows your mind. You get to hear two sides of what is going on through out the who done it mystery. Even after you realize where Amy is it still keeps you guessing on what will happen next and who will be going down for it. I couldnt put the book down and read the whole thing in 2 days. I would definitely recommend this read to anyone looking for a little bit of crazy and mystery! I hear it will be in theaters in 2014 as well!
At first I was not that thrilled with reading it and then it grabbed me.  The story has many surprises to the two characters.  It becomes a mystery and you are trying to figure it out.  Author is very clever.  I will say that this novel is not for everyone.  The chapters rotate, meaning that one chapter is narrated by the husband and the next chapter is narrated  by the wife and continues in this manner to the end of the book.
Full of little twists, I'm looking forward to others by Flynn. This was a book club read last year but I just got around to reading it. I enjoyed it.
Really enjoyed the clever twists and turns, this novel is intelligent, well-written, and the characters are beautifully sketched out, fascinating and enthralling as a train wreck. Highly recommend!!
I didn't like this book. The two main characters are writers and they tell their story in the first person.  The bloated egos of these two people is evident.  Their verbal gymnastics makes it a difficult read at first.  Both are showing off.  They fill their stories with smug self-deprecating remarks to let you know that they are smarter than you.  Perhaps that was the author's intent, but it irritated me.The plot line was excellent until the conclusion, full of twists and turns, but it bored me.  I am sorry. I am looking at the raving reviews and am wondering what I missed.I think part of the problem is neither character is likeable. Again, this might have been the author's intent. Their lack of likeability is part of the plot.The ending seemed rushed and for me it fell flat.I gave it three stars, because of the plot.
Gone Girl keeps ones guessing.....first you are disgusted with him and then you are disgusted with her family and then you want to just shoot her!!!!  It is well worth the read. Keeps your interest, things are always changing.
After reading the first third of the book, I thought I understood the story.  After reading the second third, I thought I knew the &#34;real&#34; story.  By the end, it was a totally different story.  Interesting if you like mysteries.
I enjoyed the suspense and details of the mystery.  I imagined several possible solutions.  In the end, I found the ending of this book so disappointing that I felt cheated out of the time I spent reading it!
A friend asked me to read the book so we could discuss it.  She said that &#34;everyone&#34; was reading it.  So I did.  The first part of the book seemed rather cliche to me and ordinary, but I read on assuming that it must have an unusual ending for my friend to have recommended it to me.  I suppose that was the author's ploy to have us begin by thinking this was a routine murder case of some kind, but I kept wondering what would turn this mundane story into something better.  Instead it turned into something worse.  I could not appreciate the vulgar language that was used at times.  I don't know whether the author offers us insight into the way some people think or not, but on the whole I didn't really like the book and won't be picking up books by this author again.
The ending left much to be desired, but I realy liked all the twists in the plot!  Kept me glued.
A GREAT book overall with fantastic turns and twists. I appreciate the character development and am now reading another Gillian Flynn novel because I love her writing style.
Nick and Amy Dunne met in New York City, where they were both writers.  Amy was an only child.  Her parents were well-educated and had a happy marriage.  Amy needed to be Amazing Amy all the time.  She was a true New Yorker, who could cook French Cuisine, speak fluent Spanish, knit and run marathons.  She had a Master's in psychology.  She was very competitive and had a greedy curiosity.  Nick, on the other hand seemed to be more laid-back and liked a more quiet life.  He came out of a poor family and his father was abusive.  Nick worked hard for everything he had.  Although Nick and Amy were so different in their likes, they were in love and decided to marry.  When they both lost their jobs as writers, Nick came up with a plan.Nick told Amy he would like them to return to his hometown in Carthage, Missouri.  He borrowed money from Amy to buy a bar and it was named The Bar.  His partner was his twin sister Margo.  Amy was more or less left on her own with nothing much to do.  She had nothing in common with the people there, nor did she like the town.  To everyone on the outside, they were the perfect couple.  On the inside, the marriage was falling apart.On their fifth wedding anniversary, Nick receives a call at work from his neighbour, Carl, telling him that the cat was let out and the door was open.  Amy loved her cat and would never let the cat out.  When Nick comes home, the house is in a shambles.  The coffee table was shattered, shards of glass were on the carpet and there was a pair of sharp scissors in view.  Amy is nowhere to be found.  There are signs that point to a struggle.  Amy had disappeared and probably been kidnapped. Nick calls his sister and the Police.  The Police arrive and they question Nick and then call in the detectives.  Amy's parents are called as well.  Nick is interrogated by the detectives and they are investigating more deeply now.  This was supposed to be the perfect marriage and Amy's parents, Nick's friends and neighbours sympathize with Nick.We only get to learn more about Amy through her diaries that she kept for seven years from their courtship and through their marriage.  We begin to find out that she wasn't very happy.  What could have happened to her?  Did Nick Kill her?  Was there a lover involved?  Her body has not been found.  Could she still be alive and held OR.......?As we read on, we learn from the diaries that there is much more to these two personalities than we know.  There are twists and turns, surprises and jaw-dropping scenes all along the way.  The writing is fast-paced and the characters believable.Gillian Flynn has written one of the best novels I've read in 2012.  I highly recommend it.
This book had me on the edge of my seat.  I don't want to give anything away but at a certain point I couldn't trust the author so I didn't know what was true or false.  That issue is never resolved.  The female character especially is unrealistic.  If this was a fantasy novel then fine but no person is capable of living as she does and not have it eventually fall apart.
Very confusing at the start. Well written. Interesting characters ..  a bit absurd at times...the ending not at all to my liking. But strangely enough I could  not stop reading it. Janet B.
I had high hopes of enjoying this book but it was very disappointing, it could have been great with a better writer telling the story, it had plenty of scope to be a really good edge of your seat book, but it was predictable, and silly in places, don't waste your money on this one , a thriller with a good ending it is not
This story was slow to start.  Almost set it aside many times.  Plot absolutely ridiculous.  If she planned her  wickedness she wouldn't have been so naive to be taken advantage of by the people in the cabin area.  The ending totally unsatisfactory.
Horrible, horrible book with horrible, horrible characters.  Lord, please don't let there be real people like this.The only reason I continued to read it was because I had purchased it and couldn't stand wasting my money by not finishing it.
AT FIRST, I WASN'T SURE THAT I WOULD ENJOY THIS READ...BUT AS I GOT FARTHER INTO THE STORY, I KNEW IT WOULD BE ANOTHER THAT WAS HARD TO PUT DOWN...........
I kept waiting through the first third of the book for something to happen! Finally, I couldn't put it down!! The ending took me by surprise! Beware!
This story was a little slow to start, but got interesting in about Chapter 6.  The characters drastically change during the story.  I would not recommend it to my friends.
After completing the book I had to re-read parts that I had missed.  Kept my interest throughout and definitely worth my time.
Great read. Keeps you in suspense through out the whole time. Ends with a twist I never suspected. A must read
I have thoroughly enjoyed reading this book.  Kept my interest to apoint where I had a difficult time putting it down.
Clever story and well told, however, not quite believable.  Amy had parents who were both psychologists who couldn't tell that there was something very wrong with their daughter.  Obviously they didn't want to believe that their perfect daughter was a sociopath.Most parts of the story held together very well, but I find it hard to believe that the detectives who appeared to be pretty professional could just easily fall for the story of her kidnap and rape.  For instance, if her wealthy kidnapper had treated her so luxuriously, would he have used twine to tie her wrists?  A silk cord would have been more in character.  Also, would he have used a large butcher knife to cut what was obviously a very expensive steak?  I think a small steak knife would do.  Nonetheless, I fould it an entertanig read.
OK...well, I'm into brain freeze.  What did I just read?  Well, for one thing, the filthiest language book I've read in a long time.  Secondly, it was too interesting to stop reading. The characters are certainly &#34;different&#34;.  The plot...pretty fresh...did not predict the ending certainly.  If you are not offended by the language, it's a good read.  The jruy is still out on whether I will read more of this author.
Just another book about messed up people. Bad karma. Gone girl is really not a good read. So many better books out there.
Drawn out and predictable. Weak character development. Total snoozer. Only finished it to be sure I wasn't missing something. I wasn't!
Engaging read with plot twists to the end. Finished this in less than five days. It draws you in giving you the urgent &#34;need to know what happens next&#34; drive to continue reading. I liked the back and forth voices of the characters. It leaves you always not quite sure.
I know that this novel was one of the most popular ones released this year, but I just didn't enjoy it as much as most people seemed to. Don't get me wrong. The book was interesting and it was somewhat well written, but there was just so much about it that I didn't like.It was so easy to figure out that Amy was not quite what she seemed, and what had really happened. The mystery element just wasn't really all that mysterious. Predictablility in mysteries is a very, very bad thing.I loathed almost every single character in the book, not just the main ones. All of them seemed positively revolting. The worst character was Amy. She was just a horrible person. She wasn't just a sociopath, she was a dangerous, narcissistic sociopath. If she were a Criminal Minds character, the BAU would basically be telling the local cops that if they ran into her, they would probably have to kill her. She had no redeeming qualities. And her sob story about how her parents dehumanized her by making her and every mistake she made into a book character that everyone could judge? I didn't feel sympathetic toward her.And Nick? Poor Nick. He had an abusive father and a sainted mother. He also had a twin with whom he seemed to have a semi-incestuous relationship with. While I pitied him for marrying a sociopath, I found him to still be a despicable jerk who was somewhat deserving of the plot that his crazy wife came up with.These were miserable people who deserved their misery-filled lives. The only people who didn't deserve this level of misery were the readers. The only reason that I felt compelled to keep reading was, like with other books I've read, I wanted to see just how messed up the story would end up being.Oh, and this an odd warning, but it's an important one nonetheless. If you're prone to migraines, you might want to seriously reconsider reading this book. By about a quarter of the way in, I had one of the worst migraines that I've ever had. And for me, that is saying something.
This book was so good that I could not put it down!  Every page was something unexpected.  It was one of the best reads in a long time!!!!  I will read more of Gillian Flynn!!!!
It was alright, but I've read better.  Didn't like how it ended.  It was a little slow and I was hoping the story would pick up, but it didn't.  Not my favorite.
I always choose the ranking by how a book kept me engrossed, even when I suspect how it is going to turn out. The story was riviting.  The characters were mostly believable, after all, who knows what goes on in marriages.  I liked the book so much I decided to read another Gillian Flynn novel, Dark Places.Anxious to read more.
a bit tedious and fairly early signs of Amy being mentally unstable.  loved the addiction angle of relationship.  so applicable to a lot of relationships
I started this book on the recommendation of a friend.  Absolutely intriguing...especially the back and forth points of view.  But, like many other readers' comments, I have to agree the plot sagged and the ending became obvious.  And although totally engaged at first, was disappointed in the ending.All that said, I would still recommend the story as a good &#34;take to the beach and enjoy it&#34; kind of book.  I certainly am not a Gone Girl hater.Have fun with it and take it as it is!Janet SimcicAuthor: &#34;The Man at the Caffe' Farnese&#34; and &#34;An American Chick's Guide to Italy.&#34;
Maybe I am missing something, but this book just didn't match the hype. Yes, it was thought provoking in regard to whether or not we ever REALLY know our spouse/significant others. The other relationships just are not developed enough. Amy isn't as much amazing as conniving and messed up. It is not a must read as far as I am concerned and my book club agreed.
This was a real page turner - loved being on the edge of my seat with so many twists too!
This book is a good quick read.. you can not guess what is coming next. A good picture of a strange situation. Not too deep really but keeps you interested. A good holiday read.
I don't normally like mystery type books but this one is really interesting.  The writing is terrific-I will read this author again!
What a comment this book makes about men, women, marriage, our culture, our expectations of ourselves and each other and the roles we all play in order to get our needs met. And we all know people will go to extraordinary lengths to get their needs met. It's only human. But it can also be very, very disturbing. The interplay going on with this couple is humorous at times, baffling, heartening and chilling--all at once! This is also an extremely plausible story of marriage which just makes it more vexing. It's a compelling tale of a couple gone so wrong yet all of us can see ourselves in little and big ways. I must admit I predicted the ending to the letter but is it a &#34;happy&#34; ending? I could not even say. Your mind will shift in so many directions during this book that you will end up dizzy and questioning all you thought you knew about social arrangements, namely marriage.
With all the buzz surrounding this thriller last summer, I picked it up with much anticipation and some lurking skepticism that it would turn out to be some glitzy hollywood paint-by-numbers hit. Well, it has become a screenplay, and Rosamund Pike (ex-Bond girl) and Ben Affleck have been cast as the movie's leads even as I write, so yes, in some ways, the novel has a certain made-for-the-screen stamp on it. But that is not necessarily a bad thing.Gillian Flynn was an ex-TV critic for Entertainment Weekly, and her writing betrays the easy wit of a columnist, which makes Gone Girl a very readable novel. The premise is simple; a glamor wife goes missing, and her younger, debonair husband with the handsome bad boy looks becomes a prime suspect. But what truly engages is the way the author pulls you into the inner world of the two protagonists by way of their first-person narratives that form the alternating chapters and different versions of events begin to spill, even as the reader grapples with believing what these characters say. Are they truly who they say they are? Flynn refrains from giving an omniscient perspective (quite rare in this genre) and it works, because she manages to dole out the clues to the case morsel by morsel, bringing the story to an astonishing conclusion.It is easy to scoff and pronounce the plot derivative in the way the reader's expectations are thwarted, but Flynn does pace her novel well, and takes her reader on a thrilling ride.
I hated this book--the characters, the plot, the senseless evil and violence. Amy was nuts and her husband was spineless--the ending was cobbled together to get it published. Not worth the time or money!!!
I heard this author was good so I got the book. Loved it. Suspenseful and gripping. Just read Dark Places also. Love her books. I highly recommend this book!
This was the worst book I have ever read. This book was a waste of time. I would not recommend it to anyone
It Did hold My Attention, But Only when I Was Reading It.  It  Took A Lot Of  Thinking To Put It All Together, I'm Sure.  That In Itself deserves Acknowledgement. This Is A GoodWay To Fill The Time.
Not my usual reading material but it kept me enthralled. That women sure was a conniving but very smart individual. However I would have liked to see a different ending. Without giving away too much I just feel she should never have been  able to get away with as much as she had. She seemed to think of everything but if he would not have acted the way he did things could have turned out very different for them both.
This is an unusually formatted book, and an ending I would not have anticipated.  I can see why it was on the best seller list.
Still reading this book.  Really enjoying it  and can't wait to see what happened to Amy.  Little slow to start.
Gillian Flynn does a good job keeping you guessing.  The book started a bit tedious and the main characters, Amy and Nick were created to be rather shallow.  But once they leave NYC the plot starts to take shape and the reader gets pulled in rather quickly. It evolves into a fun page turner....  however... I won't be a spoiler...  but I HATED the ending.
Lots of twists and turns to keep you interested til the end. A book club must for all your friends
This book was tantalizing and far from predictable. You will never expect the ending or even what's on the next page. A great read!
It was just okay as I didn't like the ending leaving you up in the air where they were going.
After reading great reviews about this book I was anxious to read it. I liked the writer's method of telling the story from the perspective of each of the 2 main characters, Nick & Amy. I felt the story, suspense and intrigue were there but sometimes a little  too much detail caught me drifting. As I reached the final chapters I was so wanting to find out how the story would end.. Then it was over. I was so disappointed that I almost wished I hadn't stuck it out
If I had not already purchased this book before I read Dark Places, I would not have read it.  I don't necessarily like &#34;fairy tale&#34; endings, but I feel the ending was not complete.
I should have believed a lot of the reviews before I purchased this book. It kept me glued to the pages for a day and a half until the end. Yeah I feel very cheated. VERY disappointed and sorry I wasted my money.
I seriously cannot believe anyone would like this awful, awful, book!!!! I usually don't read books like this but a woman who works in a bookstore I love recommended it. If I could give this zero stars I would. AWFUL!!!!! Filthy language, seriously FILTHY!!!!!!! And WORST ENDING EVER!!!!!! There is not one good thing I can say about this book. I am an avid reader and don't remember when I have read something so unbelievable and trashy.
Many unexpected twists and turns in this book, which focuses on four main characters  It was &#34;different&#34; and I enjoyed it immensely,.
Started out at 3 stars, then 3.5, then 4, then 3.5, then back to 3. Decent writing, good detail, but a completely ridiculous ending, even for fiction. Which is why I read so little of it.Of course, I just came off of Unbroken on audiobook, so nothing can compare. Still. Meh.
Kept my attention from start to finish.  I was not familiar with this author but I recommend this book wholeheartedly.
I enjoyed this book. At first, it was confusing because the author purposely left details out. But fear not, she closes the loop at the end.
I gotta say I am very dissapointed. This unbelievably crazy book was, and still is a best seller. I was very excited to finally be able to start reading it. The reviews were good, and I even heard people discussing it at work. I am once again let down by the reviews.This book was horrible. Terrible things happening in a marriage where divorce was not an option due to the fact that the woman was out of her mind and the husband didn't have the balls to end it either.The first part of the book I was totally on her side, but when the truth unraveled little by little lie by lie I couldn't believe the extent this scorned woman took things.Ridiculous how they manage to get away with all the wrongs they both did and how they find a happy ending. I am so mad. They both deserved to go to prison and stay there for good.Frivolous woman and clueless man.At the end I'm still wondering why does he smile when he shouldn't? Why does he hide the clues instead of having the detective accompany him to find the rest of them? What was Go's part or contribution in the story?(less)
Interesting reading, not sure just how much I liked the book.  Seeing it on best sellers list for so long made me curious.  Did not like the characters, but finished book.  Curious to see how the movie will handle the story line.
I haven't finished the book yet, but have had a hard time putting it down.  it really is a grabber and very well written.  so far, so good.
This book was a fairly quick read for me and certainly a page-turner. It was cleverly written and even though the themes are pretty serious, the writing is laced with some witty humor throughout. I liked Gone Girl because it was (for the most part) fast-paced and well-done. I loved a lot of Flynn's word choices and the way she described certain scenes. I really enjoyed the how Amy's character was written. I personally think the best parts of this book come from Amy's diary. I do wish that Go's character had been more developed. I also understand why Nick had certain women-hating traits that resembled his father's, but it made it hard for me to root for him, but mostly I did like his character. Lastly, I was disappointed in the ending. The book had so much build up throughout it that I really was expecting an explosive conclusion and (in my opinion) the ending just leaves the reader hanging and thinking, &#34;Wait. That's it? But then what? That can't be all.&#34; Again, for me personally, I like the feeling of closure at the end of a book and I didn't get it here as the ending was a bit abrupt. Overall, I think Gillian Flynn wrote a great book and I would recommend it to a friend.
This may be what lies beneath a lot of marriages and why it's so scary.  It was easy to figure out soon in where this was going, but the ride was worth every turn.
The book drew me in only to be completely underwhelming in its conclusion. A five-year-old's nonsensical drivel would have been more entertaining to read.
I'm sure you've read it all about Gone Girl: A Novel. It's a real page-turner! It's riveting! Oh, just wait for the movie! Yada-yada-yada, etc. So, what happened? I sit here thinking that the author decided to take a vacation before finishing this project, turning it over to a troop of Scouts to invent a rousing finish. Well, I hope nobody earned a badge for this one. And don't even bother turning back to explore it again, thinking you missed something, because it's just not there. For me, no real finish, rousing or otherwise. Just a dud.For a book that started out so well, promising a continuation of the tesion -- forget about it. This was a HUGE disappointment. Perhaps Hollywood will give a great beginning the conclusion the story (and the audience) deserve.
Loved the twists and turns of the story.  I am still not sure how I feel about the ending, but I would recommend the book to everyone.
The writing is thick and rich with detail.The storyline is twisted, unique, and surprising.This book invaded my dreams and therefore deserves five stars.
very good book nice twist. As they say you can know more about your spouse than you know about eachother than they know about themselves
I enjoyed this book and the way it was told. The characters have such depth. I went on to read Gillian Flynn's Dark places following this one, I liked the style of writing and the set up of the plot.
This book is full of unexpected plot twists and turns. The ending was great and unexpected. I read the book in one day. I'll definitely pick up Gillian Flynn's other books!
The book is compelling and the plot is clever, but it certainly falls apart at the end.  The final product is good, but it could have been great.
This  book kept me engaged from the beginning to the end. I didn't exactly like how it ended. Many crazy twists and surprises. I would recommend this book.
First of all, I respect the opinions, positive or negative, of all others about this book. So many people loved the book, and quite frankly, I'm puzzled. I am of the other camp. I did not have a love/hate relationship with the book as some do. I did not like the book at all, and cannot for the life of me understand what all the hype is about it. Didn't like the two main characters, or the supporting characters, and felt the events were unbelievable, totally unrealistic, and that the plot was simply preposterous.Also,what was up with constant the barrage of bad language? After enduring page after page after page of f*bombs, and other graphic language throughout the whole first part, I came to the conclusion that the author stuck that in merely for shock value, to capture the readers attention. Interesting (and juvenile) writing technique.I'm a mystery lover and I kept reading, hoping the book would get better.  I stubbornly stuck with it through the ridiculous plot twists to the very end. And for what? The ending fell embarrassingly flat, and seemed like something you'd expect in some newbie writer's first effort, not in a bestseller. I may be in the minority, but this is my honest opinion.
Terrible ending.  If you like books where a terrible, horrible crazy person does a ton of horrible terrible things to people and completely gets away with it scott free and then goes on to (presumably) have a child that will be subjected to a sociopathic mother and....I don't even know what you would call him father then sure...go ahead and read this.  I wish I could erase this book from my brain.
It's hard for me to describe anything in the book without giving away spoilers but I will try. The book is broken into 3 parts.  The first part moves slowly with a lot of reminiscing and flashbacks. Parts 2 and 3 will keep you on the edge of your seat so hang in there.  One of the characters has a meticulous mindset that intrigued me throughout most of the book. I was rooting for one character for the entire story until the last secret was revealed, approx. 2-3 chapters from the end of the book. It's a good book. Not the best I've ever read but good enough that I would recommend it to someone else. 3.5 stars from me.
I read the superlative reviews on this book and was eager to dive into it. The book, with its terrific writing, interesting characters, and plot twists, kept me enthralled throughout. When I'm really into a book, I'm reading at warp speed, anxiously wanting to know what happens next. And that's the way I read this book. Having said that, I'm unsure about recommending this book. As I said, this was a terrific read, and yet I think this book could have been so much better. First, there was a major plot hole concerning the whereabouts of the Desi character the day Amy goes missing. It's a detail that the police could have used in ultimately solving the crime. And the pregnancy plot point was totally unbelievable. But my biggest complaint, as many have noted, is the ambivalent ending.  When I turned the last page to see the acknowledgements, I said out loud, " WTF!... am I missing some pages?  Maybe it's because I'm old school, but when it comes to a story, I want to have a definitive ending and this book doesn't deliver.  If someone were to ask me what I thought of the book I would have to say, "If you loved the ending to the Sopranos, you love this book".  Oh well, maybe the conclusion to the story will be in "Gone Girl, Part II"
I understand why many readers are unhappy with the end.  And it could have been different, or better.  But I still give Ms. Flynn five stars as she writes the kind of novels I like.  They are driven by plot and character, and they tell the story without adding lots of description and unnecessary detail.  And the plot WAS interesting throughout with excellent pacing.
This c-o-u-l-d have been one of the better books I've ever read! The plot was well thought out. The build-up was great .. you couldn't wait to find out what happened. It  kept you guessing along the way. Then as it started toward the resolution to the story, the plot started falling apart .. like the author lost their train of thought. Well, it went downhill from there .. and had a MOST disappointing ending. And I'm thinking: "You're kidding, right? I read this whole book for THIS!!" I give the book 2 stars only because 4/5 of the book was great. But the ending made you wonder what the build-up was all about. If the author went back and re-did the ending, it could be an amazing book!
If you like psycholgical suspense thrillers, this book is for you. It is nearly as good asLady Lawbreaker, a highly suspenseful book itself.Okay, Let's begin. In this story:1. Amy is Married to Nick.2. It is a special time in their lives because it's their 5th Anniversary.3. It appears like a happy marriage . . .4. BUT . . . just when you think everything is going well . . .5. AMY DISAPPEARS!6. What happened? The house is a total wreck . . .7. It looks like there was a violent struggle . . . makes you wonder . . .8. Does Nick know something? Surely he must . . . if you believe the evidence . . . in fact . . .9. DID NICK KILL AMY?10. The town folk think he did.11. His sister even thinks he did . . .12  WAIT . . . it's too early to tell . . . but it's got you thinking, wondering . . . FEARING13. Nick says he's inocent . . . BUT . . .14. HE LIED TO THE POLICE.15. Doesn't mean he did it, but it still makes you pause . . .16. Days pass . . . WEEKS pass . . . but Amy's still gone.17. Is she dead? Is she playing a sick joke? Or did Nick kill her?18. You'll just have to read and find out, if you care to know.If you liked this book, or books like this, then you'll loveLady Lawbreaker. There's more suspense, action, and intrigue in that book.Still, this is worth it's weight if you're a big psyche thriller fan.
"Speechless" would be the best word to describe my state of being after just finishing Gone Girl. There's not an awful lot to be said about this sickeningly uncomfortable book without spoiling its expertly crafted plot. Flynn's characters are shockingly vivid almost to a fault; the characters are so real and believable, they stay alive in your mind long after reading the last page. The real magic of the novel is the vicarious blending of main characters Nick and Amy's twisted psyches. Reading Gone Girl is like waking up from a nightmare in a cold sweat, not being able to shake what you just saw, and reliving the horror every time you close your eyes again.
This book hardly merits review. I just wanted to let people know it's not as wonderful as you've been led to believe, and also to spoil the ending. Most of the reviews I read of this book were in Entertainment Weekly, including Rob Bruner's inclusion of the book in the "Best of 2012" issue.This book is only the best of 2012 if by "best" you mean most profoundly disappointing, with the least satisfying ending of possibly any book I've ever read (at the end, after the failure of her nearly perfectly executed plan to frame her husband Nick for her murder, monster sociopath "gone girl" returns home, and Nick decides to stay married to her; I feel no compunction about spoiling this POS).While I wasn't framed for murder, I do feel victimized by the press on this incredibly bad book. Bye, Gillian Flynn. Bye, Rob Bruner.
Amy Dunne disappears on her fifth wedding anniversary. Naturally the police suspect her husband, Nick of being involved. Both Nick and Amy are very convincing liars. He is also a cheat and Amy is a manipulative, narcissistic sociopath. Neither of them are very likeable. This is a dark, fast paced thriller except for the ending. The book just petered out to an unsatisfactory finish. That said I did enjoy it. It is full of plenty of twists and turns and I am looking forward to reading this authors's other novels.
This has to be one of the most engrossing books I've read this year.It was painful to follow the long, slow simmer from infatuation to disconnect to drifting to unsettling to anxiety through the full-on boil of this relationship. Your perception of the characters shifts with each passing page, leaving you wanting to give each the benefit of the doubt, then realizing that, once again, there's more going on here than you thought.Like several other reviewers, I have mixed feelings about the ending. I guess it was inevitable, given the foreshadowing. Still, a great read!
Heard this was good so I bought it (don't usually pay this much for a book). Beginning was intriguing, but the rest of the  time I was thinking how twisted and sick this story line was. Usually you get into a book because you can relate to the characters. Tried to sympathize with both and couldn't do it. Both were in my opinion weak and unlikeable.
Despite the language (is it really necessary to use the f-word so often?), I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Suspenseful and well-written, Gone Girl is a real page turner. I wanted to keep reading to find out what happened next, but as I neared the last pages, I didn't want it to end. And then when I read the last word, I thought, "Huh? Is that it? Are we to believe that this couple is going to stay together? Or wait, maybe Amy has something up her sleeve. Or maybe the pair from the Ozarks will arrive and throw a monkey wrench into everything."On the surface, the novel appears to be a boy-meets-girl story in which the characters are going to live happily ever after. They're both nice looking, educated, employed, and in love. But soon the reader learns that there's trouble in paradise and that things aren't always what they appear to be. They lose their jobs and move back to hubby's hometown to help care for his parents, her with cancer and him with Alzheimer's. That's when things really get interesting, and the reader doesn't know what to believe. Is Amy really an angel in disguise? Is Nick a cad? How can Amy be so callous in her thoughts about her parents, the people who have spent their adult lives writing about her and elevating her to fame?Gillain Flynn is masterful in creating such a suspenseful thriller. Seriously, up until the very last page the reader is wondering what's going to happen next. The scene setting, the character development, the plot twists, and the dialogue are all superb. I did wonder about a few things such as why no one listened to Desi's mother or what happened to Andie. Those are minor questions in the grand scheme of things, however.It's a powerful book, especially for those interested in the inner workings in the mind of a sociopath. You'll never see the people around you in the same way again, not even those whom you think you know best.
A thought provoking story with twists and turns.  It makes you question the society we live in today and the difficulty in trusting anyone, even your own spouse, which is a scary thought.  Great read.
Don't start this when you have a lot to get accomplished. I would read again to pick up some things I missed. These characters are crazy. Psycho!
It's hard to review this book w/o giving away spoilers so let me stick to some background basics.  Gillian Flynn's first book Sharp Objects was one of the best books I've read in a long time. Steeped in Southern gothic, creepy, and suspenseful w/a seriously surprise ending.  Dark Objects was in a similar vein but came nowhere close to the first book.  Her third book Gone Girl is back in form with the same mind-twisting plot and wonderful character rendition as Sharp Objects.  As other reviewers have commented, Nick the main character is not that likable. But that's essential to the book actually.  And Amy is just an interesting interesting character.  Nick and Amy are a Manhattan 30-something couple who move back to Nick's hometown in Missouri after losing their jobs and to take care of Nick's ailing mother.  Two years later, Nick and Amy are happily married, or aren't they? This puzzle comprises the first half of the book.  Amy goes missing and the marriage is slowly revealed through alternating perspectives. Pick up this book and prepare to lose at least 2 days of your life.  It was impossible to put down.
Intriguing characters involved in what seems to be either a run a way or a murderer. Fret third of book is who dunnit; second part - how did they do it; final part - will they get away with it.Not your average mystery.
I thought this book started out pretty slow and to be honest, kind of boring. But, the third part of the book was really shocking and I found myself not being able to put it down. I guess my advice would be to just stick with it. I will say that it got pretty weird in the end, but interesting none the lease!! I will be interested to read her other two books to see if she uses the same type of psychologically demented suspense she did with Gone Girl. Also heard Reese Witherspoon may be producing the movie version of this... love her.
Great read! Loved the structure of the story and the twist kept me wanting to learn more. The back and forth narrative was a compelling way to tell a crime thriller.
I bought this book because of the high ratings and amount of people that have read it. I was so disappointed! This ranks as the number one worst book I have ever read!
The first half of this novel pulled me and didn't let me go until I hit around halfway through. Lance's character was very intriguing and the suspense of the disappearance was killing me. It's very well written and I loved the whole story line and plot. I just wished it had a better ending.
Someone suggested this book to me, and I'm very glad they did! I was hooked from the beginning, easily going along with the story then BAM! Surprise story line.... then just as I get used to this new turn in the story... BAM!  Surprise story line... again and again.  I could not put it down. Up until the very last chapter I quit trying to predict what would happen next, because I was always wrong.  Very good, well written book.  Thoroughly enjoyed it!
Not predictable. Just when I thought I knew what was coming next this book would take another turn. Couldn't wait to sit down and read to see what happened next. Clever and a wild insight into a truly mad mind.
This was unlike any other book I have read !  I was really intrigued after seeing a whole bunch of people reading this while I was on vacation. It took me a day and a half to finish it because I was so anxious to figure out how all the events in the book took place and why! its really a crazy book. If you like suspense books and figuring out mysteries than this is the book for you. This was a new author for me so I look forward to reading more from Gillian Flynn.
This book was fantastic!  I couldn't put it down.  I don't typically read mysteries but this was well worth a read.  A good psychological thriller without being too far-fetched or gory.
GONE GIRL has a great set up- A wife disappears on her 5th anniversary and the husband goes from object of concern to object of suspicion in quick order. We see the husband's dilemma in real time as he contends with the police investigation that aims squarely at him and then the readers gets to see the wife through her detailed and heartbreaking journals as she writes of the slow and painful dissolution of her marriage and her valiant attempts to save it. As the mystery unravels the reader does get delightfully entangled in the "Did he or didn't he?" concept. Then the big reveal hits and its a good one that I didn't see coming and I was intrigued to see how it would play out. But my problem with the novel starts here as Flynn doesn't pull off an ending that matches the quality of what came before. The plot starts to meander as one far fetched incident after another bog down what was an excellent idea into a book that is ultimately disappointing.
Wow!  I don't know what more to say!  Twists and Turns throughout.  It's actually been awhile since I read this (about 30 books ago) but I am ready to pick it up and read it again.  I couldn't put it down when I started.
For current American suspense fiction, I am impressed. Gillian Flynn should definitely keep her editor, who is excellent and obviously steered her into making crucial perspective and stylistic decisions. The point of view switches were simple but masterful. The book has a somewhat original premise, but what really drove the book for me were the elements of suspense and surprise and the heavily nuanced and premeditated brilliance of one of the protagonists. To write a novel like this, an author has to master the craft of suspense fiction, which I believe she has done. Overall, a highly entertaining and dark read.
Flynn keeps you engaged. Just when you think you can anticipate what will happen next, she throws you a curve ball. Not the ending I expected. Going to check out her other books!
I didn't want it to end because I just knew it wasn't going to be how I wanted it to end.  Great book but like I named it creepy in a way that you wanted to warn Nick and tell him how to unravel his mess.  I thoroughly enjoyed page 1 to completion.
I liked how each chapter flipped from going to her point of view to his and back.  I also really liked how the story was told and that you get a big suprise and change your feelings about a lot of things midway through the book.  I didn't like the ending though.  I got to the end and felt like there should have been more story, like a part II or something.  But if there is I wouldn't want to read it because I was also sick of the characters by then.  I think the book would have been 5 stars had it been shorter or if the ending was different.  It felt as though the story drug on a bit too long.
Whoopi Goldberg recommended this book on The View. She said she couldn't put it down, and I couldn't either. There are a few surprising twists, but the ending was a disappointment.
Not my kind of book.  Too twisty and evil.
and the shocking ending. This is my type of book and hope others would find the writing style as grasping as I did..
This was the first book I've read by this author.  What a waste of time! Just dumb.  Got me hooked at the beginning, but started rambling with twists and turns that didn't make sense.  And the end!  Wow!  Don't waste your time on this book.
Gillian Flynn did a great job on this book, in fact I liked it so much I bought sharp things.The format was a great way to tell this story, she makes you feel sorry for &#34;girl&#34; one page then hate her the next.I did not expect the ending.great job
Too twisted for me. If there are people like this, I don't want to know or read about them. We are already messed up enough without sensationalizing their perversion.
I mean, of course Buy it. The book introduced me into a dark world of "damaged" people that caught me totally off-guard. Abandon all hope, ye who read it, SERIOUS MINDF***S expected.Why the "DO NOT READ"? Although I am a experienced reader, I was given the sensibility to empathize with the protagonists of the stories I read, AND I ALMOST GOT NIGHTMARES FROM THESE ONES!(PS: Amazing book, BTW!)
Okay, this book made me a little crazy... in a good way. OMG!  If you can avoid the spoilers, and you love snarky dark humor, and deeply complex characters, then dive in!  The water's fine... just don't drink it - and keep your eyes out for sharp objects in the shadows.
Horrible stupid waste of time. Do some reading, give up writing, stick with your day job, Gillian. Donate the money you made to charity. Work on creating wisdom in your tiny parched soul.
This book was a total dark horse read for me. I've been on a streak of reading good books that I enjoy, but don't quite make it to the "can't put it down" category. I don't know what I was expecting from it, but I definitely wasn't prepared for the complete psychological mind-bender that it turned out to be. I had purposely avoided reading plot summaries and other reviews before starting it and after a friend's recommendation, I finally pulled the trigger and downloaded it.Usually my eyes glaze over when I read a publisher's publicity-oriented description, but in this case, it's pretty spot on. "Unputdownable" is accurate. One of the things I most admire about a writer is the ability for him or her to change the reader's loyalties to characters by the revealing of new information or plot twists. For that reason alone, I'd give Gone Girl high marks--I found myself sympathizing with, then hating, then being afraid of various characters at every turn of the page (or so it felt). There is something intensely frightening about finding out that people you supposed were ordinary are actually anything but.This book preys on a lot of weird psychological twinges that seem to be fairly common. Most obviously, this book brings up the "how well do you really know your spouse?" argument over and over and over. Do you ever look at your spouse, partner, boyfriend, what-have-you and think how weird it is that this is a completely separate entity from you that you have decided to trust implicitly? Do you ever think how strange it is that shared experiences are the only thing that separates your partner from someone you pass in the street?This book pounces on those questions and takes it a step (or several steps) further. Gone Girl is really a psychological drama disguised as a murder/suspense novel and it doesn't give you any breathing room. The plot is so intense and the plot twists so unrelenting that I had to often stop reading and give myself a short break to digest what I'd just read and realign my assumptions about the characters.Unfortunately, like with many good books (especially suspense/mystery novels), Flynn created a genius plot and then seemed to lack the vision of how to pull it all together at the end. While it's sometimes true that no ending can be perfectly satisfying to a reader, this one seems particularly forced--to the point of being overly abrupt. One could argue that she did this purposefully, but the usual "tricks" signalling the reason for an abrupt ending (a vague conclusion, the hint of some bigger turmoil to come, etc.) didn't materialize for me. After the breathless, frantic pace of the rest of the book, the last few pages left a bittersweet taste in my mouth.I'd hate to let that paragraph above be the final word for this review, so let me just say that you should absolutely read this. Maybe today. I haven't read a book like this in a long time...or ever. There are moments of complete brilliance--plot twists so smart and unexpected that you might gasp out loud. Some books don't deserve the hype surrounding them, especially during the summer publishing season. This one does. (But I'm still not sold on the ending.)
By reading the inside flap it sounded like it was going to be good. Wrong. Bad book dont bother wasting.your $$$$
probably a good beach read -- it's obviously the Scott Peterson case, . . . with a twist . . . the ending is thought provoking . . . but really not the best written book . . .
GONE GIRL will keep your attention because you want to know how it ends. At first you are on Amy's side but as you get to know her, you truly despise her. She planned her disappearance and murder so cleverly that it's admirable. The sad part is their tense marriage, full of deceit and lies and pretending. I would have liked a different ending where Amy gets what she deserves. The language in the book can be offensive. The author develops the characters very well and knowing their inner thoughts was very well done. I would recommend this book but not to everyone mainly because of the language. However, it does keep your interest and it was well written. You never knew what to expect next.
SPOILER AHEAD. I read Gone Girl obsessively, forgoing other obligations. Flynn managed the considerable achievement of alternating the voice between male and female protagonists (even splitting the female voice between a manufactured diary and her &#34;real&#34; voice). The protagonists are pitted against one another and I imagine most readers will take a side, as I did. I eagerly awaited Flynn's resolution of that conflict, finding surprises alnong the way.My disappointment lies in Flynn's apparent insistence on carrying her non-committal symmetry between the characters to the ending. By not allowing one of them to prevail, Flynn seeks to serve both sides but provides, instead, a disservice to both. I am left with a sense that she contrived the resolution schematically rather than taking the risk of. Taking a side. Worse, I imagine she is pleased with this cop-out. Certainly one could argue that both characters are deserving of punishment but I think Scott Turow's Presumed Innocent, for example, does a better job of meting suitable punishments among the deserving characters.
So, I read the premise of _Gone Girl_ a long time ago and remembered it. Eventually I bought the book because the word of mouth was so good, but as I read it I was about half way through and wondering what the fuss was about. Her prose is very polished, her characters tight and relatable, but I was kind of creeping through it, rating it as just a middle of the road mystery. Then I hit the half-way point and she upended the table on me.Damn. Well played Flynn.I recommend this book to just about everyone, writers, readers, married people and any combination. This is a wonderful work of fiction, of philosophy, and worth every adult readers&#8217; time. GG hits every target; excellent narrative choices, plot, creative characterization and tension. Whether you want to be entertained, you want to think about what matters or you want to be a better writer, this book is very, very high on my list.I can&#8217;t imagine she won&#8217;t be pressed for more and I can imagine how she might approach it. If she could keep the high wire act going she could have one of the great character study/cat mouse games of the 21st century.No clue how the movie is going to execute on the source but the casting is perfect and Flynn is doing the screenplay.Fingers crossed that the magic keeps coming.
How this book stayed on the NY Times best seller list for so long, I will never understand. It takes so long for the plot to develop, that I found myself losing interest. It was a chore to keep reading it. Definitely not a page turner. Will not keep you up late at night. In fact, it is a great cure for insomnia.
Good twist at the end. A rare style of mystery and twisted people. Not your typical plot twist and formula.probably buffer than the movie will be
The story kept me riveted and coming back every chance I got.  Interesting twists and turns made me root for each of the characters at different times.  But then the ending!  I was left feeling very frustrated, unsatisfied and somehow cheated.
The story was so good I couldn't put it down.  However, the end was a total disappointment.  I felt there must have been pages missing.
So now I've read every book that Gillian Flynn has ever written. Three!  I found the first two ( Dark Places and Sharp Objects ) as different from Gone Girl as night is from day.  I spoke earlier in another review about Flynn writing "like a man."  Experience the strong language ( "Now there's a helluva broad!"), kind of shocking if you look at her picture.  What with some of her characters reminding me of Hitchcock, the gory, unladylike scenes, and  the mounting tension reminding me of Sydney Sheldon,  I tend to picture a man in my mind.I think the fact that she is super smart, a trait often attributed, at least in the past to males, ( engineers, doctors,CEO's, presidents, etc.) also puts her in that category.  For example, Amy, the wife,  comes off so much smarter than her husband Nick in the story of a marriage gone south, and the wife disappearing on their 5th anniversary.  Amy wraps him around her little finger giving him clues as to where she is.  She totally manipulates him.  He does a little of it too in the game of "my wife is missing."  But he gets the worst of it, He's made out to be the killer.I love the innovative way the story is presented. One chapter is told from the wife's point of view, the next, the husband's.  The only thing is, I occasionally found myself flipping back to the previous chapter to make sure I was on the right track.  I considered this novel a higher-level psychological type of thriller that tends to keep you on your toes.  There's still crime and excitement, but it's more thinking than just feeling.Far from my legal backdrop for thrillers, this novel is equally desirable for me...almost.  Ms. Flynn, please write more, and make them like your first two.
Gone Girl lives up to its best seller hype; a very good novel full of suspense.  It has a great story, too; you become invested in the characters, despite their flaws. The reason I didn't rate it 5 stars was the sex--it was a little rough and gratuitous.  But don't let it stop you from reading it.  Very good book.
Adults playing games of revenge. The start and body of the book was good reading. However when it turned out to be serious, no one was held accountable. Almost like childish pranks from a wife who thinks she is not getting enough attention and goes too far to punish her husband.
I thought this book was a little slow at first but once it grabbed me, I couldn't put it down.
Loved this book!  I am still trying to catch up on the sleep I lost while staying up at night to read it...Imaginative and intriguing tale of a couple who appeared to have everything going for them, told alternately in the person of the husband and the wife. Makes me want to read everything Gillian Flynn has written!
I kept changing my mind - first I would think &#34;the husband had to do this&#34;, then I would think, &#34;no, he couldn't have done this.  It was someone else.&#34;Such a page turner!!!  Now that I have finished it, I must read it again and savor it.
All I can say is &#34;WOW&#34;!!! I intend to read GONE GIRL again and have recommended it to everyone I know who is a reader..
Starts a bit slow, and hard to get into, but it is all a set-up for what is to come.  Becomes a real page turner up to the end, where it leaves you hanging.  Good characterization, and a "are you kidding me?"
From the beginning of the book, you will be sucked in and held there until the end. This is one of those books that you could stay up way too late to read more of or even finish.I personally loved the frankness in Gillian's characters, as she had them either reveal their underlying thoughts or actually speak them out loud. Hold onto your hat, some of those thoughts are full of profanity and sex.You will find that the title of the book has a double meaning. Without giving away the plot, GONE applies to multiple scenarios.The reason I didn't give this book 5 stars was because of my own values of how relationships are sometimes better off dissolved rather than get into a battle of who can screw over the other person worse.
I loved this book!  Every time I thought I had it figured out, it would throw me another curve ball.  I really enjoyed this book.
I liked the immediate attention-grabbing beginning and the format with alternating points of view and the chapter titles.  The writing style was intelligent and appealing to me, personally.  The ending was a bit disappointing, but probably the most realistic way to conclude what had happened to these two in their emotional tug-of-war.  I may choose it as my next Book Club selection!
Very intriguing.  You start out thinking you know who the dysfunctional party is but then soon realize you are not sure.  It is not hard to identify with both of the characters and in the end I guess they deserve each other.  Can't wait to see the movie!
I loved Gone Girl.  I didn't know anything about the book when I started.. so the story really kept me going..  Love simple stories that keep getting more & more complex.. and surprise endings.
I finished the book.  It is not a bad book or a good book.  Having main character that are so weird is a turnoff.  I guessed at what was going to happen before it really did.  I liked to be surprised.  Also, I like to root for the main characters.  In this book they were not particularly likeable.  The story in the beginning sucks one in.
Amy is the beautiful, young wife who seemingly disappears into thin air.  Nick is the distraught husband, forced to search across Missouri for clues to his wife's disappearance.  If you've seen the film "A Perfect Getaway", then you might have some idea as to how this is going to end: not until everything you believe is twisted, then turned completely upside down.  Is "Gone Girl" well-written?  Extremely.  Gillian Flynn has a beautifully graceful style all her own.  And yet, this plot - which actually feels like a lack thereof - leaves MUCH to be desired.  Ultimately, the characters are not particularly likable and the plot twists so many times that you will be left wondering, simply: WHEN WILL IT END?
What a disappointment ! Its a never ending and many times boring plot with the most pathetic and disappointing ending I have ever seen.  It's as if there is no  ending.  I don't know how this book ever got published.  It took me forever to read it because it was so boring.  It was a complete waste of my time and money.  I want my money back!!!!!!!!!
The ending of this book was a major disappointment.  Until the ending it was smart and well thought out and thought provoking.  So, I decided to write my own ending and I recommend that those who read this book skip the last two chapters and read my ending - or they can write their own!!Proper ending for Gone Girl:Nick - the last dayWhen the blood test confirmed the pregnancy I knew what had to be done.  When we woke up the next morning I told Amy I had decided that we had to turn the page on all the issues we had piled up over the last two years and that a riverboat cruise from Hannibal would be just the thing to do to start our new life.Amy smiled and seemed quite pleased with the plan.  In fact she was humming as she collected her things for the trip.After arriving at the dock in Hannibal and buying our tickets we boarded the Delta Queen for a day ride up the Mississippi and back - just like the riverboat rides I used to take as a kid in my Huck Finn outfit.  Our cabin for the day was on the top deck with the best view.As the riverboat steamed into the middle of the muddy Mississippi - it's great wheel turning and churning - Amy and I laughed and made small talk about the baby and the perfect life we were about to begin.When our riverboat reached the center of the river and began the turn toward Turtle Island - where it would turn around and return - we casually walked to the railing to get the best view.Without fanfare or warning or even a word, I wrapped my leg around the back of Amy's leg and with a forward thrust propelled us both off the balcony into the deep water.  I held Amy under - pushing her head down every time it appeared she was about to surface.  I began to breathe in the water as well.  As I blacked out - lungs filled with water - I caught one last look at Amy.  She was floating in front of me, hair sprayed out around her, looking like an angel and I'm sure I could see the hint of a smile on her face.Amy-the Last DayNick thinks I'm excited about the cruise he suggested because I believe he is planning for us to start a new life.  In fact, I know Nick better than he could ever know.I know he's planning to kill me and I'm OK with that.  First of all, and I'll begin one of my famous lists - I do not want a baby - never did.  Secondly, Amazing Amy needs to stay young and beautiful so the world remembers me as the blond, beautiful, perfect heroine.  Lastly but not least, the cloud of suspicion has never totally lifted off of me in regards to my disappearance and the killing of Desi - my death would end the speculation - I would be cleared - my book would explain it all.So, I'm happy to be enjoying my last day on earth with Nick - here on the top deck of the riverboat and now in great Mississippi River - such a tragic death - just the one I was meant to have.EpilogueThe bodies of Amy and Nick were found at the mouth of the Mississippi.  They had fallen in at the exact spot that would have allowed them to float unimpeded through the levees and filters - just like on the website Nick had researched on his computer before Amy disappeared!One of their fellow passengers said he saw them falling and it almost appeared that they were diving in rather than falling in - but of course no one thought that could have been the case.Boney and Go sat together at the funeral.  Both stared straight ahead and as the caskets were carried down the aisle for burial, both felt a chill at the same time and shivered.It was over.
This is another good book that I did want to end.  They are few and far between and only come  every so often.
Wow, a spellbinding book. Couldn't believe the ending! Just makes you ponder marriage and relationships. And what goes on in people's heads.
At no time during this book could I have imagined what was going to happen.  Very well written -- a recommended read
I enjoyed this book, never read a suspense type before. I enjoyed not knowing what turns were coming and the flip of liking and disliking the characters simultaneously. I didnt know who i was rooting for at one point! Well written. I would have given it 5-stars, except for the raunchy talk and vulgarity of some parts. It wasn't necessary. Tame those parts down a bit and you have a 5-star read.
I can't recall the last time I enjoyed reading a thriller/mystery story this much. The plot revolves around Nick and his wife,Amy-on the morning of their 5th wedding anniversary Amy disappears. There's blood and sign of a struggle at the couples home-police suspect foul play so of course-their prime suspect is the husband. The story is told from Nick and Amy's perspective (Amy's by way of diary entries). Amy is the only child of 2 psychologists who made their living writing a children's book series "amazing Amy",each book involves some moral battle that amazing Amy conquers (play nice,don't bully etc) but the "real" Amy has spent her life trying to meet the expectations of "amazing Amy". Nick,on the other hand comes from a rather broken home-abusive father and a mom who "baby's" her kids-especially Nick to try and make up for her lousy husband. Nick and Amy should be good together right??? But if I'd had Sherlock Holmes beside me-I believe I still couldn't have predicted the many twists and turns this story takes. This is a "I'll just read to end of the chapter and I'll stop for a bit"but,dang here comes a twist/turn/cliffhanger! You have to read on-what will happen next?? I can't say more without giving away the plot. All is not what is seems - neither couple is blameless in regards to marital mistakes. But I assure you-you will not see the end coming-you could not guess how twisted things become. Beautifully written and very,very clever. I will cherish this read for a long while! And thanks to Amazon I have Miss Boyles other 2 novels to read-I just have to be sure to start them when I know I have at least 2 days free.  Read this book! Stay up all night to figure out what will happen next!! What a gem!
If I could I would give this book a minus 5 Stars.I read this book with no preconceptions.  I'd not read Flynn before and I'd heard nothing about this book in particular.  It was available from the library and I wanted to test out Kindle library loans (which work great by the way) so I borrowed Gone Girl.From the very beginning I was bothered by the self-conscious posturing of both Nick and Amy.  Neither seemed quite real.  I couldn't willingly suspend my disbelief and accept them into my head.But I persevered, thinking maybe it would get better.  After all technically, Flynn is a decent writer.  It's hard for me to put a book down once I start it.  A part of me always wants to know "So what happened next?" even in poorly written books.  So, I read it through to the end.The 'Big' revelations and 'plot twists' along the way were not big at all.  They were telegraphed from the very beginning.  The only character that was half-way believable was Go, Nick's twin sister.  But worse than not being believeable, most of the other characters were written ugly to the core.  Well, Andie and the cops were not exactly ugly to the core, just vapid.For a novel to be successful, there have to be characters you care about, that you want to root for.  I didn't find even one in Gone Girl.My advice.  If you're like me and tend to read to the end, even when the book isn't very good, don't begin reading Gone Girl.  You'll be better off not looking into the cesspool these characters represent.
Thus was very highly rated, but I know 2 people who stopped reading after the first two chapters.  Do not do that--keep reading. This gets better and better and is full of surprises.
Very unique and involving way the story developed.  Keep me interested an coming back fro more, but I thought the ending was weak.
Often times, the dual narration of protagonists in the first person perspective can be garbled and confusing, but I found that in this particular novel it worked profoundly well.  It puts you into the minds of both Nick and Amy Dunne and takes you through the workings of a highly dysfunctional marriage arrangement.I found this novel to be incredibly engaging, and I think the choice of using two protagonists to tell the story was a good choice by the author.  If this work had been written in third person, it may have become to obvious what the truth of the matter regarding Amy's disappearance was in the storyline.  I say this without trying to give too much of the story's meat or the ending away.Highly recommended read.  I just pulled this one off the library shelf randomly, with no regrets.
Fantastic book!  Starts out like a good relationship-type of novel .... then it gets a little cray.  An enjoyable read for both men and women.
I would read another of her books if it wasn't for the ending of this book. The ending was very disappointing.
We all know that the book is well written, based on the feedback. I am hoping that people will actually get something out of reading books like these and change their thoughts just a little to possibly make the world a slightly better place. This is well worth the time, and very creative and different. It kept me very interested in finding out what was going to happen next.
The story is a challenge to follow at first and at times feels like the author doesn't know where the story is headed. I really enjoyed the story but the thoughts and story is disjointed. Worth reading for sure.
I loved the first 3rd of the book. Loved the way the story was being told. Nick from present tense and Amy from her diary in past tense.Then came the Part 2 of the book and it just progressively got worse from there. The story started getting so far fetched that there is no way any of it would actually happen in real life, which I can live with. The worst was the ending, if that's what it's called. It's more like just where the book stops as there is no good ending to it.Overall loved the way the story was told. As for story it's self, started off good and ended up horrendous. LOL
My daughter loved the book, so she gave me a copy for my birthday day. I usually like Non-Fiction, what a surprise. I started the book and I wasn't impressed. Now I am almost finished and I can't put it down. Great features of book: 1) Clever writing, 2) surprises throughout, 3) twists. Not your typical mystery. In short I really enjoy the book and look forward to reading more books by the author. Personally I feel a new reader will not be disappointed in their selection.I heard they are making a movie on Gone Girl. Looking forward to viewing movie.
Gillian is an expert manipulator. She careful takes her readers in one direction building upon our assumptions and stereotypes only to make a sharp turns just as you think you have the story all figured out.In Gone Girl, Gillian delivers a story full of enough twists and turns to leave you tied up in a knot. I couldn't put the book down because I so wanted to know what was going to happen next and how it all would end. Some people may not like the ending or the constant changing of direction. I did and read the book in less than a day and a half
I bought this book because of the author photo. I was captivated by Gillian Flynn which led me to the review which left me with the question of whether a murder really happened? I resisted buying it all of one afternoon. I bought it for my Kindle and read it over three days. It is not the usual type of book I read. Think Robert B,. Parker, Ace Atkins, Stephen Cannell and page turning thrillers and mysteries. This was a winter novel where you curl up under a handmade afghan while your partner reads a leather bound book and you turn the juicy pages that enmesh you, whether you like it or not, inside the souls of the characters. Though in farness, you might wonder if any of the characters have souls. The first half is very slow unless you like that kind of in depth character development. HOWEVER, when you get about half way through all hell breaks loose. The roller coaster ride of who to root for begins at a zenith and goes through a maze of complex loops and mind numbing drops that leave you colder inside than Neil Armstrong in July 1969.Should you buy this book, read it to the end to get full value out of it. Because if you put it down, I guarantee it will suck you back in to the depravity, hopelessness and forever looking over your shoulder world of Nick and Amy Dunne.
ARE MEN AND WOMEN REALLY ABLE TO LIVE TOGETHER. GILLIAN FLYNN REALLY GETS YOU THINKING ABOUT HOW REAL RELATIONSHIPS BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN CAN EVER BE. A NOVEL THAT REALLY MAKES YOU WONDER.
If I ever wanted a character to meet the bitter end, it was Amy.  Several times I was going to put the book down, but I pushed through.  I figured out that Dessie was going to be the fall guy.  I so wanted his mother to take Amy out at the end.  I would have rated it 5 stars then.  I promise myself, I will not read the sequel if it is written.
This was good, I enjoyed it and the second half went quickly....  It certainly does make you think about who you are married to.
This book has so much buzz that I had to give it a try. The story covers one of those "ripped from the headlines" dramas that NBC's Today show loves to cover. A wife disappears and suspicion soon falls on the husband. But do not be misled, this outing is far more layered than its packaging. It is constructed from two different views reminiscent of David Mamet's Oleanna with the plot's twists and turns causing us to pick sides while repeatedly fooling us.These alternating viewpoints made me quicken my reading pace, I did not want either main character to have the final word so it was a challenge to put it down. Author Flynn's descriptive prose is another reason for speedy consumption. In this era of soundbites and 140-character Tweets, her book is replete with taut, entertaining quips and observations, such as her description of a character with a "rocket-science brain and the rodeo spirit" or that one enjoyed "taking thick afternoon naps", or the husband's lament that "My wife was no longer my wife but a razor-wire knot daring me to unloop her". Each page was an archaeological dig into the psychology of this couple which is appropriate because this is much more than a whodunit...it is a far more engrossing whydoit.Embedded throughout is an indictment of the media in sensationalizing human drama and misfortune. When a few layers of the onion has been peeled back it is noted that "The bigger the lie, the more they believe it." The real criticism is directed at the blurring of news and entertainment and the manipulation and misdirection that results. George Orwell said, "Journalism is printing what someone else does not want printed. Everything else is pubic relations." Arguably, everything is public relations and always has been.Gillian Flynn does not waste a page in this dark and suspenseful read ... if this is one of your book club's selections then look forward to lively discussion and dissection.
THIS is what passes for a good book these days?  Seriously?  Who did this author's publishing company have to pay to get this kind of hype?  It started off great and then became absolutely, utterly ridiculous.  I'm still annoyed that I bought into the hype and read it.  It was a waste of time.
Being a bookworm, I've read classic British literature and Harry Potter and the Fifty Shades series and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo series, but I have to hand it to Mrs. Flynn for creating one of the most intriguing and delightfully insane "mind-**ks" I have ever read! I majored in psychology and I found this book frightening and "OMG!!! Did that really just happen?!" enjoyable. Please write another continuing the story!
This is an excellently crafted story with perfectly hate-able characters. I have to give it 3 stars at minimum because it's so well written, but honestly, I hated this story. I wanted to stop reading multiple times but I continued because I had to know what happened. I listened to the audio version and the narrators were great, their tone/voices perfect for the characters - very well done. I didn't like the story, though I can appreciate the author's craft. It was just too depressing, and I didn't like a single character in the entire novel.
I was really loving this book until the last section. I thought the characters were really well developed, to the point that I was starting to cast the movie in my head (Charlize Theron as Amy?  Frances McDormand as Boney?).  The twists and turns were really interesting and I though "wow - I can't wait to see how THIS ends!!"  Then I got to the last section, which I found to be fairly implausible - I mean, seriously - Desi didn't have an alibi for July 5?  But I kept at it thinking the ending would be amazing. And then all of a sudden, it just....stopped.  I'm glad I checked this one out from the library :(
Intriguing book. I picked it up through my library since I wasn't sure if I wanted to spend the $12 Amazon wanted. Elements of the writing were excellent. The POV kept changing from the Protagonist, to the wife's diary, and then to the wife, all throughout the novel. This kept the plot moving in ways I wasn't expecting, which helped to hold my interest. The middle of the novel got a little dull, since you're waiting to see if the Protagonist can figure out what's really going on. That being said, I wanted to see how it ended.  Without spoiling it, lets just say the ending kept me wondering, "WTF?!" I'm glad I read it. It was definitely something different and it would have been a great book for a discussion group, but the ending felt really flat and abrupt. I was happy to return it to the library.
I had never read this author so I had no opinions about her work.  I could not put it down.  I read every spare second I had.  I even read at stop lights.  It has surprises around every corner.  I am going to look back and see what else she wrote.
This is one of those books that I don't think was written particularly well, but I could not put down.  I HAD to find out what happened to these two.  This is a great story about a young couple no longer in love and the sudden disappearance of the wife.  This is certainly worth a read and I believe they are making a movie...
Though the ending was a bit disappointing, I raced thru the book it was an easy read to see what happens!  Looking forward to seeing the movie, wondering if it will be like the book.
It took me quite a while to get into this book.  Not sure I would have continued if I hadn't been reading it for book club.  Books about people, like Nick, who are so apathetic bug me.  After a bit though, I really did enjoy it - but then the ending!!  Or lack there of.  I agree with the other reviews; the author seems to have worked Nick and Amy into a situation that she didn't know how to finish (and the way she did finish it was frustrating).  By the end, I can't even imagine someone as *spoiler* wronged as Nick or who could possibly be more apathetic about his and his child's future.  For such a clever middle, Flynn should have come up with at least a decent ending.
Once I started reading this book, it really sucked me in. I had to know what happened. Without totally giving away the ending, let me just say I was very disappointed with how this book turned out. The book is a bit unbelievable to begin with,  but to basically just let evil win at the end, it left me feeling somewhat dirty, if that makes any sense. It is still a fast read and fairly well-written. Read it only if you must. The ending was very unsatisfying.
The first few chapters were a little hard to get me into the story. I am not a fan of the back and forth point of views. If this isn't your thing either... stick it out! It is very much worth it. Wasn't a fan of the ending, well of the last page. One reviewer said it perfectly when they mentioned the aurthor must not have anything else to write so she just stopped. STILL A GREAT READ! I high recomend it, however it is not a "loanable" title for kindle, so you can't share it with your freinds.
This book was written very well. I enjoyed reading it, and found it hard to put down. The plot twists are pulled off seamlessly, though I would've opted for a different ending. It was rather abrupt and anticlimactic, in my opinion. That's the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars. I would have liked a bit more closure.
An interesting story with lots of twists & turns, quite dark & disturbing at times, finished it, but wouldn't recommend it or read it again.
Couldve just been me, but it took me a little while to get into this book, but about half way in, I am hooked. I can't wait to see what happens next.
This is the best book I've  read in a long long time.. I wanted more.. I couldn't stop reading this. Poor nick.. what a crazy world. This book had so many twists and turns, I was glued... great book!!!! I am excited to see what the movie has to offer since they're changing the ending.. I love this book... but I was a little disappointed in the ending. Overall, great read.
From the first paragraph of this book, I was ENAMORED. I fell deeply in love with the story. Honestly I couldn't put it down and was telling everyone I knew to read this book ASAP. And then, my heart broke a little at the ending. I still would recommend this book to anyone. But honestly the ending just isn't what I had hoped. This book was similar to foreplay with a hot, sexy man- and it feels so good and you think you're there- and then BAM you fall short at the end (if you catch my drift). In hindsight it was still fun, but the big O would have made it better.
Great flowing, very cleverly written book! I loved it.  Thought it was brilliant and clever with many twists and turns that left my mouth dropped open. My first book that I have read from Gillian Flynn and am now a fan!
I am rating this book several different ways.  First, I am glad I didn't pay money for it.  I waited about 3 months to download it free from my local library.  I would give this book a 1 star rating for boredom.  I am giving it 3 stars only because it had me hooked trying to figure out the why and to reach the end.  I do agree with the other reviewers that the ending was a big let down!  I don't think I will be reading any more books by this author.
The beginning of the book was a little slow for me. After the story picked up I couldn't put it down. I couldn't predict what would happen next. A must read!
Great book.  Language is a bit rough, but all the twists and turns had me hiding from my family to finish the book!
I started out really wanting to like this book. I like mystery books there is something about the puzzle of the mystery.  As for this book, go to the library.  The first two parts go back and forth and keep you guessing. For those if us who don't like foul language - be aware there is a healthy amount here and you may want to read something else. The end of the book absolutely ruins the whole story. It is so bad that I have no urge to see the movie coming out because it is gonna be terrible.  Keep searching if you need a good book - find yourself buying &#34;The Fault in Our Stars&#34;. There will be no disappointment there and you will read a book that proves the English language can be beautiful.
well this is how this book went for me:Beginning: SlowMiddle: Couldn't put it downEnd: I wanted to kill Gillian FlynnWhat a terrible ending.  I thought I bought a bad book and it was missing pages.I was pissed at the end of this book.that is all... i will see the movie tho. maybe they will change the ending.
I gave 5 stars because Gone Girl was a page turner. I realize some people can't connect with the characters as well as others. I thought I was like Amy...until she got super crazy and then she turned into an &#34;old&#34; friend of mine. I could picture the obsessive recon etc and it made me miss her (my ex friend) hahaha. I totally related to this book and I loved the ending. It's true, life is a little boring without those crazy people!Also, this book kept me on my toes. I had no idea what was going to happen...it was so NEW and unpredictable. I'm not sure another book will ever satisfy me again!
It's hard to know what to say about Gone Girl. It's captivating and crazed. A mystery wrapped in a mind game. Well written and precisely plotted. Certainly a story that will stick in my memory for quite a while.Nick and Amy Dunne have been married for five years - exactly - when Amy goes missing, leaving a chaotic scene and a long list of questions in her wake. Both Nick and Amy are out-of-work writers, transplated from their Manhattan lives to Missouri, Nick's hometown and boyhood stomping grounds. After losing their jobs, Amy's parents reveal a financial bombshell and Nick's take a medical turn for the worse. His father has been in a nursing home for some time, but his mother has just been diagnosed with cancer. Nick's twin sister, Margo, calls to share the new and, shortly thereafter, Nick and Amy pack up and head West.Told in the alternating voice of Nick and Amy themselves, Gone Girl unfolds piece by piece, each party revealing bits of their personal and joint histories. Amy and Nick each paint vivid pictures of the past and present - but those pictures are vastly different images. And that is all part of the murderous and mysterious plot concocted by Gillian Flynn.Nick and Amy are both seriously damaged people - definitely bordering on the deranged. In a very twisted sort of way, they kind of deserve one another, and the whole of the novel sets up the &#34;fairy tale&#34; ending only such characters could deserve.
I really enjoyed the book until the end. I almost feel like the end of the book ruined the entire thing. After reading all the great reviews on this book, I couldn't imagine that I would have been disappointed after I finished reading it. I would recommend this book but give them a warning that the ending may not be what you would expect and could ruin your opinion of it.
Sounds thrilling, right? I thought so. Plus, with Flynn's track record, I figured Gone Girl was bound to top my list of best reads in 2013. Unfortunately, that isn't exactly what happened....Let's start with the good.... Ultimately, I did like the book. I may not have been totally blown away, but it was intense and interesting. I enjoy Flynn's writing... it is gritty and real. She is a strong writer and I think she does a good job developing character. Particularly in Amy- she did quite the job creating character for her. Those of you that have read it, you know what I'm saying here. Nick didn't have nearly as much depth as Amy, but I think Flynn still did a good job with him. Flynn did a fabulous job portraying both of them and altering them throughout the story which in turn allowed the reader to have many mixed feelings and pass judgement.So here is what troubled me... Gone Girl was really hard to get into. I was not very interested and it did not hold my attention. Quite frankly, I was bored. The diary entries by Amy were dull and annoyed me (especially in the beginning). It was a good 100 pages before I was hooked, which in my opinion is MUCH too long. The other thing that bugged me was the flow- it was occasionally quite choppy, the way it swapped between narrators. Oh, and the ending. I HATED the ending... as in, chuck the book down and curse.Overall, I ended up liking the book as a whole... it just took some time to get there. It was interesting and had a very Flynn twist to it. Even though I was super pissed off (no, really- I was angry about it) at the ending, I enjoyed the story as a whole.Gone Girl is not a book I would recommend rushing out and buying... if you are interested, borrow from the library or a friend. You may like this book if you don't mind a slower paced beginning and plot framing. Those who enjoy a good mystery and a lot of twists would also likely enjoy this. Once you get into the meat of the novel, it does deliver.
This would have had a 5 star rating but I hated how the book ended.  Its almost like the author ran out of words and just decided to end it early or something.  All in all a good read but was disappointed in the ending.
There are some stories I will only read once.  This is one of them.  I really don't like any of the characters, but they are written well enough that the story kept me reading.
This book had it all; tension, drama, settings, and the most deliciously devilish characters.  It&#8217;s the story about a woman who goes missing on her anniversary and boy, did it have me guessing.  The story is told by two narrators, husband Nick and wife Amy.  Not too far into the book, the reader realizes that one or both of the narrators are unreliable narrators.  I really did not see the major plot twist coming at all.  The author also does a wonderful job with setting.  The settings in the book become characters themselves.  If you&#8217;re looking for a book that offers love, peace and happiness, this is not it.  If you&#8217;re looking for a book that entertains and delights with sizzle and darkness, this is the ticket.  A lot of people say they didn&#8217;t like the ending but I can&#8217;t see how else it could&#8217;ve ended given who the characters are.  Loved this book!
The plot was well crafted and kept me guessing, but the best part was the character development which managed to capture and portray an extreme version of modern marriage extremely well.  I haven't read any more of Flynn's work but I now plan to.
I really don't know why this has made it onto virtually every summer must-read list in the press. Yes, the writing is creative and the plot twists you never see coming, but the story falls apart in the last 60 pages. For all the buildup I was seriously, seriously disappointed in the way things just fell apart. I couldn't decide whether the author ran out of creativity or had to meet deadline and just let it go to waste.
This book is great! I didn't know that much about it I picked it up because I love the authors other 2 books and this book totally did not disappoint. I won't say anything about the plot but this book is full of great twists and turns and surprises and I don't want to ruin any of them.Read this Book!!!!!
What a page turner, great book, could not put it down.  Would recommend to anyone who likes, dark, mysterious novels.
Mesmerizing and addictive. The story is exciting and will keep you turning the pages! The ending has an unexpected twist. I wholeheartedly recommend!!
I started out having no clue what was going on in this book - who was telling the truth, who wasn't?  During the course of this novel, all was revealed and all I can say is &#34;WOW!&#34;
I thought this was a good book, but a little slow and kind of meandering until BAM. I don't want to say too much and spoil the story, but this book had some great twists and will keep you reading until way past lights out!The characters are deep, rich, and real with flaws, strengths and history. The plot is so carefully woven that the surprises are all carefully crafted so all the previous details have led you there, even if you missed them.The ending was not as satisfying as I would have hoped, but haunting.
This is the first book in a long time to really surprise me! I was told that the plot twists were good, but I didn't expect them to be THIS good! It's a great read - even though I was seriously disappointed in the end. I thought she took the easy way out and the book would have been better if she had followed through with the &#34;theme&#34;. I don't want to spoil it, but I definitely recommend this book!
Gillian Flynn is a rare author nowadays - she has a good story to tell (many authors do) but she also knows how to write very well (not as many authors can).  Her proses are top notch!  Gone Girl was so good that the second I finished it, I hit my Amazon Kindled account and downloaded Dark Places.  I'm a third in and so far I think I might like it even more than Gone Girl if that's possible.  I'll definitely be ordering Sharp Objects next and than I'll be waiting impatiently for Ms. Flynn to write her next book!
I have read enough books for several life times. Books very rarely surprise me. This book surprised me, more than once. This is not a Law & Order formula thriller.
I haven't read a book in a long time that has truly made me keep changing my opinions and inspired such genuine hatred and compassion for characters. It will definitely get you hooked from the first reading.
This book came highly recommended and I, having finished it, agree. The author does an amazing job of introducing a character only to slap you in the face later with their true persona. Love the ending...though I'm not sure I can call it that.
It was a pretty good book till the ending.  The ending was just terrible and ruined the whole book for me.  Both main characters were so self absorbed that I was not able to feel much empathy for either. If I had to choose again this is one book that I would have left on the shelf.
this book was so unpredictable! i thought i had the story figured out at least 3 times and then i kept getting rocked by the twists in the story! GREAT!!!
You hate and love both characters at different times, and sometimes you disliked them both, always keeping it interesting. I couldn't stop listening to this and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I also loved the narrators, who added an additional element to the book.
I love Gillian Flynn's novels.  This story is so unpredictable... I loved it.  It kept my attention until the very last page.  Highly recommend this novel.  GREAT book.  Hard to put down once you start.
This book has so many twisted characters and events.  It was a great read because of its raw honesty, witty humor, and grotesque story of a marriage gone wrong in the most normal way.  Like a train wreck that you can't not watch.
WOW! Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl was so unpredictable! I'm not even going to try to write a summary or synopsis because the storyline changes so much it's insane (in a very thrilling way!). There were so many twists and turns and I could not put this book down!!! Actually, I listened to the audiobook but I had my earbuds in every available second! I am not much for mysteries but I loved this story. It wasn't a who-done-it necessarily, and after a while I learned my lesson and quit trying to guess what was going to happen and just enjoyed the ride. I found myself switching sides over and over until I realized what was really happening and OMG I never expected the true plot of this book!!! The ending left me a little deflated, but after reflection, the ending was consistent with keeping the storyline unpredictable. I would highly recommend this book to any fan of adult contemporary fiction with a mystery element. This story will be coming to the big screen in October 2014 and it's going to be a good one!My favorite quote:&#8220;For several years, I had been bored. Not a whining, restless child's boredom (although I was not above that) but a dense blanketing malaise. It seemed to me that there was nothing new to be discovered ever again. Our society was utterly, ruinously derivative (although the word derivative as a criticism is itself derivative). We were the first human beings who would never see see anything for the first time. We stare at the wonders of the world, dull-eyed, underwhelmed. Mona Lisa, the Pyramids, the Empire State Building. Jungle animals on attack, ancient icebergs collapsing, volcanoes erupting. I can't recall a single amazing thing I have seen firsthand that I didn't immediately reference to a movie or TV show. A commercial. You know the awful singsong of blase: Seeeen it. I've literally seen it all, and the worst thing, the thing that makes me want to blow my brains out, is: The secondhand experience is always better. The image is crisper, the view is keener, the camera angle and soundtrack manipulate my emotions in a way reality really can't anymore. I don't know that we are actually human at this point, those of us who are like most of us, who grew up with TV and movies and now the Internet. If we are betrayed, we know the words to say; when a loved one dies, we know the words to say. If we want to play the stud or the smart-ass or the fool, we know the words to say. We are all working from the same dog-eared scripted. It's a very difficult era in which to be a person, just a real, actual person, instead of a collection of personality traits selected from an endless automat of characters. And if all of us are play-acting, there can be no such thing as a soul mate, because we don't have genuine souls. It had gotten to the point where it seemed like nothing matters, because I'm not a real person and neither is anyone else. I would have done anything to feel real again.&#8221;
Wow. That was some crazy, dark humor and dysfunction. Loved the character development and pacing of the novel.  Not what I expected at all by reading the general description. I want to see the Cohen brothers make this into a movie.  I will definitely read more by this author.
Clever, witty, brilliant. It's amazing how Flynn can be both dark, yet funny in her prose. I was hooked from the beginning. I immediately ordered her two others books. I have found a new favorite author.
Recommend- little dark but I like that sort of thing.I've read her other books to! Hopefully she is working on her third.
Wow!  Sometimes I get jaded and feel like authors follow formulas even when they put in twists.  Flynn does not do that!  I love it when an author can throw me off the trail and make me stop and go back and examine my own opinions about something.  That is what makes a book good!  There were a few times where I questioned the motivation of the characters and doubted they would really do something, but for the most part I thought it was well written and sure to keep you a little off center, which is just fun!
I've been a Gillian Flynn fan since her first book, Sharp Objects, so I knew I was going to read Gone Girl before it started becoming a word-of-mouth hit. If you haven't read it yet, you need to know three things. One: It is about a marriage that has some problems. (This is a bit of an understatement.) Two: What you think about Nick and Amy will change as you read. Three: Once you get going, you won't be able to stop turning pages. This is a terrifically fun roller-coaster of a read, and I'm glad it is bringing new fans to Ms. Flynn's twisted imagination.
The characters are not only unbelievable, but totally unlovable as well. The plot is unoriginal and the ending... well there is no real ending. If the author has done this to leave room for a sequel, count me as the gone girl.
I didn't expect to be so entertained by this book.  It's cleverly written with several twists kept me wanting to read more.  Character development was excellent.  A very pleasant surprise.
This book is written very well.  It moves fast, and it has any number of surprising twists.  The author provides a very original spin on an old theme.  Well done.
I'm a big fan of Gillian Flynn's.  Her stories have realistic characters living flawed lives.  There are twists and turns with surprises along the way.  Lots of suspense!
I could not put this book down. It kept my interest, always wanting to know more. The twist in Part two was brilliant. I simply loved the plot, characters, dialogue, the inner monologues and text. It's clever, cynical and delicious.
An ending?I guess you are to imagine your own ending or what a terrible, frightening life they will have.
It was tough getting started. I skimmed several pages/chapters before I could really get into the book. But once the first twist was read I really liked it......until the end. Didn't like the ending!
Like her earlier work Dark Places I found this book engrossing and clever and while Gone Girl lacked some of the emotional cadence of Dark Places it more than compensated with its fast pace, dark humour and sparkling narrative. Sometimes Flynn seems to try a little too hard to be clever with her language (example is her repeated use of the word lilt: "She said these last words in a childish lilt that I once found fetching," "...and I felt my stomach lilt," "As Long as He Needs Me" is basically a lilting paean to domestic violence," "And yet I feel a lilt of nerves,". I found this a little grating but not nearly enough to stop me from marveling at the cleverness of the plot and the exhilarating pace of the story line. Plus I just loved the dark commentary on love and marriage, co-dependance, hipster culture, and society's obsession with looks. It worked on all these levels or just as a delicious and sinister fable about what can happen when you are dishonest with yourself and your loved ones.Read it in two nights and will recommend to all and sundry.
This is exactly why I don't read mysteries a lot - it consumed my life until I finished it!  I stayed up til 1 AM reading this darn book because I just had to know....I really enjoyed this.  I don't want to say too much as to give away the plot.  I thought the writing was excellent - it was sometimes beautiful and poetic, all while still being accessible.  The central characters seemed to be all well-rounded and I loved the back and forth POV.I gave it four stars though because I wasn't satisfied with the end.  I know that life doesn't tie everything up into a pretty package, but I sure do like at least some closure in my fiction.  I felt very unfilfilled at the end.  In fact after I turned the last page, I had to double check to make sure that it was the end and thought &#34;well, crap!&#34;.
I liked this book, but it started of a little slow.  There were lots of twists & turns, but the ending was slightly disturbing!
I was excited to get Gone Girl because it has been pretty highly ranked lately. When I first started the book, I wasn't convinced it was something I would love; I didn't find the writing to be very engaging, believable, or well-done. As you keep reading the book, though, you could get the impression that this approach is purposeful, I suppose, because of one of the plot twists. For that reason, and because there was a good bit of suspense even early on in the novel, I did keep reading it. Ultimately, I even read to the very last page, increasingly cursing myself for having gotten myself too far in to quit now. I'll admit, there are numerous plot-twists and surprises that kept me going back to the book. I kept hoping that many of the traits that I so disliked about the novel, and the writing, would be revealed to be elements of the plot themselves, even. Retrospectively, though, I've got little to recommend in this book. You may read to the end, but it won't be a satisfying, fully-realized reading, and, if you are anything like me, you'll wish you had used that time for something else.Overall, here are my complaints with this book:1. The ending was terrible. It was a mishmash of cheap plot tricks, unlikely scenarios, and even more unlikely (and unlikable) character decisions. Yes, all the loose ends were tied up, but at what cost?2. The characters were ridiculous. There was not a single character that wasn't contrived from a number of stereotypical flat representations we've seen a million times (usually these flat characters are reserved for minor roles; not in this text).3. The plot never seemed very well thought-out. Frequently, when one problem got too big for the author to handle, there was a conveniently planned revelation that, no, the main character had already predicted this approach, and, two years earlier, had concocted a plan B, or C, or D, that itself was even more ludicrous than the original plot wrinkle had been.4. The writing wasn't particularly good. Sometimes, even poorly constructed plots could be saved by really stellar, awe-inspiring prose. Not in this novel.Good luck!
I stumbled across this audiobook accidentally.  I listened to the UNABRIDGED version that was read in two voices, one for Nick and one for Amy.  The spoken narrative was well done.  While I can appreciate the idea behind this story and the plot twists that it takes, I hated this book.  The first part of the book had me depressed. I kept thinking Geez, am I going to listen to this whole thing and just find out after all of that, he killed her?  Bleh  But then the second third began and we find out there is a twist!  Hooray.  I felt better already.  For like five seconds.  Because then we find out that Amy is as unlikable as Nick is.You can have an amazing story, but if your characters are horrible, you have no one to root for.  You don't care what is going to happen to anyone and that is what happened with Gone Girl.  I could care less.  What I did care about was when would it end?  It needed serious editing because it was way too long.  I was relieved when it ended.I've read some of the other reviews here and its good that so many people can look past the awful characters and just appreciate the story idea.  It's kind of like the first Dexter book... such an awesome concept, but what horrible writing.  I couldn't bring myself to read a second! I also can see where some people may have felt that it ended too quickly and the complaints about the end, but I disagree with that.  Because how else would you wrap this story up?  It had to be that way and dragging it out even longer would have been a horrible idea.So, overall, I hated it, but I gave it two stars because I feel like the concept was a good one, the problem is I don't think you can tell this story and make ANYONE likable (Well, I liked Rhonda Boney - not sure of spelling since I was listening versus reading) and that was the inherent problem with the story overall.  So, good try, but a fail for me.
The first half of the book was okay, but the second half was ridiculous for me. Did not like any of the characters and did not care what happened to them.
Gone Girl is a solid book, but not as strong as Flynn's other work. The characters were weaker, the plot not as compelling, and overall it felt fluffier. The ending in particular felt like a cop-out to me. It was still a good read, and better than loads of other stuff out there, it just wasn't as cutting and energetic as Dark Places and Sharp Objects. If I'd read this book first, I would have enjoyed it enough to seek out the author's other work, but reading this after her earlier novels left me disappointed.
So many twists and Turns! It is so hard to put down. It was so interesting to see a relationship dissected from each side. I would definitely recommend this easy and exciting read!!!!
I've never read a book like this. It was hard to get into it at first. The more I read the more I literally had to keep reading, because I had no idea what was coming next! The story really did play with my feelings towards the characters. Not a fan of how it ended. I know people that absolutely loved the book which is why I would recommend it, but I'll never read it again.
I could not put this book down.  With tricks and plot turns that have the most synical of readers gasping with shock.  Totally gripping.  This had me hugging my husband and thanking God we are so normal!
Loved the two crazy voices of two very disturbed characters. The ending was disappointing to me, but I liked it overall.
This a suspenseful story,with many twists. Unfortunately, I hated the ending, hence 4 stars!  I would recommend it to friend's still.
After the first two I thought it would have a better plot/ending.  Wasn't impressed.  Glad I purchased used, then sold.
I really liked this book a lot.  I don't usually read mysteries, but I read a review for this in Entertainment Weekly and thought I'd give it a try.  The plot was quite different from what I expected.  It's hard to write too much about this without giving it away, but I can say that it's very well-written and well thought out without any obvious plot holes.  With so many so-so books out there, this one really stands out as a great one.  I highly recommend.
Very different ending than anticipated. Really wanted Amy to get what she deserved. Even after Nick did what he did
A good page turner and interesting plot - a great read while commuting to work.  Will read other works by this author.
Amazing read.  I love all of her books.  Once I got to the middle I could not put it down.  A great thriller that you will finish within a day!
I'd prefer zero stars for this book. Some stories can end so maddeningly,  but hold your interest. This book was a ridiculous story and it was full of pathetic characters. The plot was too ludicrous to believe. The plot self destructed. Even the setting could have interwoven some historical interest, yet failed miserably. The intense foul language and sex depictions were very low life and trashy. Ms Flynn' s book was a waste of time and money.
This book was brilliant, little bit slow to start with and then it just got better and better.I was totally blown away as to how  a person can write a story that shows how both men and women can be manipulated  in a relationship by first love and then fear.Reminded me of a Susan Sloan book i read years ago called An Isolated Incident.
Reading this novel was like watching a train wreck.  You find it repelling but continue to watch.  You start out thinking one way about the main characters and then totally changing your opinion of them.  In the end, they deserve each other.
I found the beginning to be a tad on the slow side, but once you get maybe 50 pages in it's a quick and fast paced thrill ride! It's everything everyone gushes about -- there's a twist every 12 pages just about :p! Definitely a good read before the movie comes out this fall.Fun fact: The author is changing the end of the book for the movie, so that alone is enough to peak interest. Discussing the alternate ending will probably make great dinner conversation ;).
I read the first four chapters and did not like any of the characters. Life is too short to be wasted on a book where you can't make a connection with a character or the story. I skipped to the end and was glad that I didn't waste my time on the middle.The characters were unbelievable as real people and the ending was weak. Both main characters came across as self-absorbed from the beginning.
A little too long but very cool, the ending was interesting, I wont give anything away, however this is a very nice read, and a little too pricy
I don't know how many times I've remarked to others that, given the unsolved murders vegetating in folders by the tens of thousands in cold case file storage rooms all over the country, you just never know who your neighbors and acquaintances really are; what they've done in the past, or are possibly doing now. Maybe even those you think you know...you really don't.Gone Girl is that remark come to life in modern society. The book is eminently readable from the first sentence.  The two protagonists are husband and wife, Nick and Amy, each telling their story firsthand. Amy's, at first, is through a diary. Nick's is simple first person narration. They meet and fall in love, begin a storybook life in New York, then both lose their jobs and Amy's sizable trust fund disappears. After a move to Missouri, to Nick's hometown, Amy's New York persona seems to have adapted fairly easily to life in a small midwest town.  But Nick is such a jerk to her! She's trying so hard and he doesn't appreciate it.Nick, on the other hand, when it's his turn to talk, seems likable enough; if not a bit on the selfish side, and when you're in his POV, Amy seems a bit too prickly and thin-skinned.  I went back and forth, feeling they both needed to grow up, compromise, sit down and talk out their feelings.Not far into the story, Amy disappears.  As with any suspicious disappearance, Nick becomes Suspect #1.  With his  twin sister as his staunchest ally, Nick fights to prove his innocence. However, Amy's diary is troubling in its depictions of Nick's behavior, especially in recent months.(Note:  Gillian Flynn's peripheral characters are recognizable and reflective of our society, especially where "true crime" is concerned.  The Nancy Grace character, the media in general, the tabloids, the high-profile attorney, the search parties - all gave the book a very "right now in history" feeling.)Then came part two of the book.  It's a shocker.  Let's just say - Scott Peterson has met his match.I feel that at about the 3/4 point in the book the story got a little too fantastical, but it didn't ruin it for me.I know the ending isn't popular with many reviewers.  I hated it...but not in a "bad review" kind of way.  Because as I thought about it more, I had to go back to what I said in the first sentence...you never really know...
Okay...*big breath*...Here we go...I read this book about a year ago. Everywhere I turned, everywhere I looked, it was &#34;Gone Girl this&#34; and &#34;Gone Girl that&#34;. There was so much hype swirling around this crime novel. I couldn't avoid it. I had to know what all the fuss was about. I had to know why I couldn't find a copy anywhere. I had to know what all of these &#34;crazy plot twists&#34; were. I had to know.So, even though I'm not a huge fan of mysteries, especially in the adult fiction region, I skipped off to the library and reserved myself a copy. And, after waiting about a billion years for it (clearly I wasn't the only curious bee out there), I got my hands on it. And...Meh.Call it a bad case of shattered expectations, but Gone Girl wasn't what I'd hoped for. Yes, the writing was commendable, the plot interesting enough, and the characters engaging (even if I didn't like them, per se). But, overall, I was disappointed. I just didn't get it. What was the big deal? Why all the hype? How was it so different from all the other crimes and mysteries out there? What made Gone Girl so special? And where were all of these &#34;crazy twists&#34; people were going on and on about? Because I'm still looking. Whenever something remotely &#34;Oh!&#34; happened, I'd think, &#34;And...?&#34;. I kept holding my breath, eagerly waiting for something unexpected to follow the expected...But nothing ever did.As for the ending...Okay, I know this is a highly debatable issue. Half the people who read Gone Girl loved the ending, while the other half hated it. Unfortunately, I'm on the latter side of the &#34;OMG!&#34; and &#34;O.M.G.?&#34; battlefield. I sat on the edge of my seat, turning those last few pages, waiting, hoping, certain something Whoa! was about to happen...But, again, nothing did. I closed the book and stared at it, debating if I was irritated enough to launch it across the room and out the window.Don't worry, I didn't.Anyways, as you can see, Gone Girl just wasn't my cup of tea. Even so, I'll admit it had its moments, and, despite my complaints, it was entertaining. I often wonder if I hadn't had such high expectations for it, would I have liked it more? I guess I'll never know. But I do know I'll probably go see the film adaptation later this year. Mostly because I'm a huge Ben Affleck fan, but also out of curiosity. Maybe what the book failed to provide the movie will?Yeah? Yeah? Well, hopefully.
It was an interesting book and a different plot.  But at times, I had to agree with my brother that it was &#34;just plain wierd&#34;  I probably could have lived without it because I didn't think it was worth the hype.
Gillian Flynn's novel "Gone Girl" works at many levels - part suspense mystery, part social critique, part lament for Great Recession America. On the morning of Nick and Amy Dunne's five-year anniversary, Amy suddenly disappears from their townhouse in North Carthage, MO. What follows in the novel is Nick's search for his wife in the decay of cul-de-sac America and Amy's diary account of the death of their marriage. As the police investigation uncovers signs that point to Amy's murder, a lurid media circus erupts that demonizes Nick.But not everything is what it seems. About [SPOILER ALERT] halfway through the novel, there is a revelation that turns the entire story upside down. Flynn is going for something more than just a fast-paced mystery ripped from the proverbial headlines. "Gone Girl" is a mediation on the self-deceptions and illusions we maintain in marriage. Flynn suggests that we don't really know our partners and that perhaps the illusion of a good marriage is just as livable as the reality of a good marriage."Gone Girl" is suspenseful and thought provoking. One of the best books I've read this year.
I have already recommended this book to several of my friends! I love buying books on line, it is so easy!
I bought the book because it was on the best seller's list.The internal dialog, stream of consciousness writing, slowed the pace. The book relied heavily on internal dialog which at times was tedious.  The main characters were shallow with no redeeming qualities. However, I kept on reading, after all; it was on the best seller's list, and I was curious as to what happen to the wife. Through most of the book, my response was  luke warm until information was revealed about Amy that changed everything. This increased the tension temporarily, followed later by another scene that increases the  tension even more.The ending, however, left a bad taste in my mouth. It wasn't satisfying, perhaps, too pat.
In this clever mystery, Flynn explores how women have lost out in our current culture. Amy ends up vanishing, physically as well as emotionally, subsumed into presenting a false front to the man she wants.Amy knew Nick wanted a "Cool Girl...hot, brilliant, funny woman who adores football, poker, dirty jokes, and burping, who drinks cheap beer, loves threesomes...while somehow maintaining a size 2...Cool Girls are above all hot" (p 222).This is today's pinup. The bawdy equal of men in every way.Amy complains she "waited patiently--years--for the pendulum to swing the other way, for men to start reading Jane Austen...But it never happened. Instead, women across the nation colluded in our degradation! Pretty soon Cool Girl became the standard girl. Men believed she existed...Every girl was supposed to be this girl" (p 223).What Amy wanted was love. Mr. Darcy.The sheer misery of most women today has been recounted by study after study. They all show a dramatic decline in the level of female happiness over the last 50 years. Romantic want in a time of sexual plenty. Women complain they have somehow missed their chance at love, in a world where only love brings happiness.To the extent Amy can conceive of right and wrong, she views things as right or wrong in terms of cool. Never in morals, of course. But as one of the honored members of the chattering class from Manhattan--you have achieved the highest status possible if you are a writer, irregardless of the fact that writers are no longer needed--Amy is horrified to recount the lack of cool in fly-over country. Amy shudders to relay that she was served "little fried things and drank cocktails made from ice cream" (p 96). You can almost hear the revulsion throb through her at the possibility of "chicken Frito casseroles" (p 96).Chicken Frito casserole? Can anything be more...wrong?Clever writing and a book that works on many different levels.
I had heard so much about this book that I was afraid it had been over hyped. Took it with me on a trip and couldn't stop reading it. Well done.
Nick and Amy Dunne are made for each other, but theirs is not a fairy tale romance. Rather, their relationship tells the story of a marriage's descent into utter depravity. Gone Girl, Gillian Flynn's widely popular thriller, suggests people can never really truly know one another. The story serves as an extreme example of how the personality we show others is often a fabrication. In this case, the identity struggle faced by husband and wife brings dire consequences.Some of the plot points later in the book seem overly coincidental. Plus, by the time the reader gets to the end of the book, it seems like the story just stops. All in all, the book effectively captures the voice of two completely despicable characters, which is why I can imagine this fairly engaging read also has quite a few negative reviews.Read the full review at JeriWB.com
If this wasn't a selection of my community book club I would not have read this book.I have mixed feelings about Gone Girl.I found the first section of the book to be tedious.  I didn't care for the way the author flipped back and forth between the current events and the journal.In my opinion it did get better toward the middle of the book, but I think if the author had divided the first section into two, one for the current events and one for the journal, I would have found it more interesting.
This book isn't normally my genre, but it was great, page turning, and constantly left me guessing. If your looking for an exhilarating, well written novel, look no further than Gone Girl. Happy reading!
Masterfully written story dripping suspense from page to page.  Clever use of real time story telling alternating with with past time diary entries creating a page turner that will isolate you from your family and friends for awhile.  Several big OMG revelations keep you guessing and turning those pages all the way to the end.  The ending of the book is the only part I found lacking.  You will enjoy the read and then make your own judgment about the way it ends.  Great book club selection.  You could discuss it well into the tiny hours.
After seeing that "Gone Girl" crossed the one-year mark on that famous best seller list, we presume a very rare accomplishment, we figured there must be something pretty spectacular about this book.  The opening hook:  hubby Nick gets a call to alert him his front door is standing wide open; he returns home to discover wife Amy is just flat gone.  With food on the table and the ironing board in action, it seemed she was just plucked out of her day by persons unknown, perversely on the very day of their fifth wedding anniversary.  What then follows is a half-book of fascinating alternating chapters, half by Nick, each spanning a different day of her disappearance; the other half by Amy as she gives us the full back story on their romance, their marriage, and all the events leading up to her going missing.  We readers ostensibly "know" Nick is innocent, but of course he is the chief suspect for the police, who in the total absence of other suspects, keep finding more and more damaging evidence pointing straight at the husband.Then during the wild second half of the book, we get the day-by-day account of the disappearance from Amy's view, while the alternating chapters with Nick, who is now working with a "star" legal beagle to try to stay out of jail, focus on the theory that Amy has not only orchestrated the whole thing, but has pulled off similar tactics against numerous others throughout her life.  An amusing backdrop to all of this are Amy's parents, who comprise the "perfect couple", assisted by considerable wealth generated by a bevy of children's stories, all entitled "Amazing Amy ...."  Amy herself is wealthy from a trust fund created for her with some of the book sale proceeds, a fact that frequently enters into the financial machinations of her marriage to Nick.  Nick's relationship with twin sister Margo also contributes various doses of intrigue to the tale.The author's writing skill is nothing short of fantastic; we can see why women in particular will relate to Amy's mental meanderings as she describes and inspects all manner of relationship issues.  Meanwhile, the character Nick is equally well portrayed - so we get sort of a "Men from Mars and Women from Venus meet Sherlock Holmes" story.  Unfortunately, we didn't see the ending crafted by Gillian as a likely conclusion, and that to us spoiled an otherwise terrific story.  We can easily see why this novel has been so successful - we only wonder if a different ending might have made it nearly a "great work"!
What a great story with some seriously unexpected curves ahead!  A beautiful and perfect wife goes missing and the cad of a husband is left behind to solve the mystery.  Both characters change so much that the mystery keeps you guessing until the end.
I haven't read it yet, but my wife just loved the plot and the way the book read so easily. She doesn't like books that tend to be confusing in plot.
I have to say at the beginning of this review that the ending left me cold and rather upset.  I won't go into detail since I don't want to spoil this book for other readers.  The book starts off in Carthage,Missouri where Nick and Amy Dunne are celebrating their 5th wedding anniversary.  Nick leaves for awhile and upon returning to his home, he finds that Amy is missing and appears to have been abducted. The police are called in and soon thereafter Nick is the prime suspect.The reader begins to learn about the state of Nick and Amy's marriage as Nick reveals himself during police interviews and Amy is revealed by a diary that she has written.  Be warned reader, the writing at times in Amy's diary is crass and vile. However, the diary does reveal many insights into her character.The story chapters switch between Amy and Nick and each character begins to reveal the plot with twists and turns along the way.I could not put this book down but I was turned off by some of the crass comments made by one of the characters and I found some of the story to be not quite realistic and the ending was unsatisfying and upsetting for me.  However, if you want a book that will keep you up at night, as it did for me, then this book is a good read; unrealistic but very good.
Had never read anything by this author and was pleasantly surprised. Liked it very much and would definitely recommend this.
I couldn't even get through first 100 pages.  I'm an avid reader.  I like mysteries and they have to get me right in the beginning.  The book has to keep moving, not too quickly, but enough to keep me interested.  This was too wordy....too descriptive...not enough going on.
Let me just make this clear right from the start: Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl is one of the most satisfying books I've had the pleasure of reading in the last few years. I'd been intrigued by the book for quite some time, and as soon as I found out that David Fincher would be adapting it to film, I hunted through thrift shops like a maniac until I nabbed a copy. After reading it, it's obvious that Fincher's dark, striking approach (along with Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross' eerie score) will be a perfect fit for the adaptation of this novel.Gone Girl has a lot of great things going for it. For one, the writing is clever and crackling; Flynn is clearly a talented prose stylist as well as a fine storyteller. Even when nothing is really happening, the author beautifully renders still life at home or a character's mundane memories into something compelling and eminently readable. For another, the plot instantly bites its teeth into you and won't let go; there are a lot of twists throughout the book, so many that you feel as though the story is thrashing you around like a common chew toy. You think you know how to feel for a few chapters, then you hit another revelation and your emotions are upended.Most of all, the book is disturbing in a way that doesn't require buckets of blood or piles of entrails. In fact, there's very little blood at all. Gone Girl is an example of a work that effectively disturbs you in a psychological capacity, and those are the most frightening works of all. I felt very bothered by the close of the book, but in a good way (if that makes sense). It got under my skin...but I liked that it did.I can understand why public opinions on this book have been divisive. The book is filled with some very unlikeable and unsavory characters, but this didn't bother me. The world is full of all types, and not all books can (or should) be about the good ones who you'd be friends with if they really existed. We've got to have room for the Hannibal Lecters and Patrick Batemans of fiction, too.Also, some criticism has been leveled toward the ending. I admit that it initially confounded my expectations, but after some deliberation, I came to really appreciate Flynn's choice for a finale. I won't give anything away, but let me just say that pathologically messed-up people often prefer to remain that way (or at least it seems that way to me). Humans resist change because it's more comfortable to stay the same. Other reviewers are probably upset that Flynn chooses to defy the literary staple that characters should undergo some kind of transformation after the narrative is completed. It's a bold move, and I applaud her for it (as well as for a whole lot more).There are a lot of reasons why this book made such a huge debut in 2012. It's not your typical bargain-bin mystery novel; it's not predictable or formulaic whatsoever. Gone Girl is dark and haunting, and I hope it gets to you the way that it got to me. Now onto reading Dark Places and Sharp Objects!
I downloaded this book one night because EVERYONE was talking about it and EVERYONE was recommending it. I was rolling my eyes by the end of the first chapter. The characters are unlikable, the prose is weak, and anyone who'd ever taken an introduction to creative writing course saw the Mack truck sized holes in the plot. I think this book is one of those that people only talk about because it has a big (totally predictable) plot twist and it makes people who've read it feel &#34;in the know&#34; over people who haven't. I wish I had my $12 and three hours back...
Was one of those books I couldn't put down! Read it in 2 days. Read it, you won't be disappointed!
I liked this book a lot even though I don't read these types of murder mystery type books anymore. It was not gruesome. Both main characters were very interesting people. I loved how it was written especially how it starts. There are some good surprises in there.
Love the different perspective of the characters in the book! It was so good I read it in one day!
This book was great up until the last 1/4 of the book. I couldn't believe the way the author thought up some of the scenarios in the book. I was glued to my seat and I couldn't wait to finish it and see what happens and then I got to the last 1/4 of the book. The ending didn't stand a chance with the rest of the book. It was almost like the last 1/4 was written by a different author. I loved it but didn't care for the ending.
Different take on mystery novel. Was slow moving but I couldn't put it down. Had never heard of this author but gave it a chance. Since then I've read her other two novels which are all great.
This book is good. It throws you in so many different directions that you don't know which way is up. The characters are carefully peeled back like an onion to reveal the brutal truth. Slow beginning, but picks up quickly and then you can't put it down.
Great holiday read really enjoyed it lots of twists and an absolute page turner. Can't wait to read her other books now!
I had a hard time reading this, I am not sure why, I just couldnt get in tune with the back and forth. So, after reading how amazing this book is, I ordered the Audio version of it. I have never ordered an audio before, I really enjoyed this book. I was worried the voices would be annoying, but it was the total opposite. I highly recomend this book, very good listen. I really enjoy this author, I have read all three of his..or her? new books and this is my favorite.
I had no idea what to expect with this story. I'd heard it recommended over & over so I bought it after scanning the blurb. The first half was gripping. Did he, didn't he? In the beginning, I didn't even know it was a question I should be asking. Then suddenly, I wasn't so sure. A book that makes me second guess myself is doing something right. Who was Nick, really? I think his sister, Go, put it best:&#8220;You&#8217;d literally lie, cheat, and steal&#8212;hell, kill&#8212;to convince people you are a good guy.&#8221;This sums Nick up in such a perfect way. I loved going into this book blind, so I won't give much else away. I'll just say if you like a good psychological mind game, or if you'd enjoy a thriller that's not really set up like a thriller&#8212;read Gone Girl. Here's hoping the movie is great too, but if not, at least we have the book.
I really loved reading this book...until the end. I enjoyed the back and forth between Nick's point of view and Amy's point of view. I could not put the book down to start out with and I was recommending it to everyone. I am so disappointed in the ending that I now take back my recommendation. It was a pointless read now that I know the ending, I had envisioned something much more.
I was confused when I started reading the book. I realized that it was being narrated by 2 people and then it made sense. I really did expect more. The book is a great read, it just wasn't what I expected. I would have liked to see more towards the end. I do recommend it to others who like to read suspense.
This was a unique mystery novel. Lots of twists and turns turns that kept me guessing until the end. Very fast, easy read. I thoroughly enjoyed Gone Girl.
The story was so good (and well written) and had me hooked. but then the ending was literally TERRIBLE! It's like she just got tired of writing the novel and stopped. Unless there is a sequel planned then this was a total disappointment.
I didn't know what this book was about going into it and wow did it surprise me!  It had great unexpected twists and always kept you guessing.
Book club book of 2012. It was everything it was supposed to be. I have yet to meet a person that does not like this book. My copy of Gone Girl has gone missing because of everyone in my life. I would definitely recommend reading this. And the beginning of this book is slow. But once you get to part II it is all excitement. I could not put it down. I am the person who puts down an excellent books because I cannot keep my eyes open. I read through the night and desperately wanted to call into work to finish. (Too Much?) I am waiting for the movie!!!
The book Gone Girl was absolutely the biggest waste of the six dollars and change I paid for it. It's trash. The actual story line is ridiculous and entirely too far fetched. Waste of time and money.
I wanted to love this book - written by a local gal who (claims) to sip whiskey at my favorite Chicago Scottish bar.  At first I enjoyed 'Gone Girl' - the first half of the book really chugs along, ending on a climax which makes you eagerly begin the second half ... which then lets you down with a big THUD.'Gone Girl' has an interesting story (with many, many plot holes), and I applaud the author's ability to maintain the male/female voices consistently throughout the book. That said, the plot is ridiculous.  I am usually able to suspend my disbelief for a good story, but not this one.  It is so completely difficult to believe that (no spoilers here) anyone could pull off any of the feats presented.  The author justifies the characters' motivations but I just didn't buy it.The ending (as many reviewers are complaining about) is yet another "twist" which completely goes against your expectation of a character.  I didn't really mind that, but it fell flat.  It made me feel like I'd wasted my time reading the book, because (possible spoiler) we end right back where we began.Summary: If you don't have anything better to read, knock yourself out and read 'Gone Girl'.  If you're a James Patterson type of reader, then you'll probably eat this up.  If you're looking for something that will leave you feeling a bit more satiated, then look elsewhere.
This book puts a whole new twist on mystery and twists. I was constantly assuming I knew what was happening (probably by design) and it turned out I was wrong. every. time. I loved it!
We recently read this for book club and it is great! The author really keeps you guessing at certain times.
It wasn't the type of book I normally read, but I have to admit I couldn't put it down. Nice job.Jessica
The storyline in this book is so messed up that I found myself thinking how nuts it was and at the same time how much I liked it. I couldn't decide while reading if I should be on Nick's side or Amy's side; which made this an even more interesting read.It was so messed up and crazy that I literally couldn't stop. Nick and Amy are probably some of my favorite book characters. They're both intelligent, surprising, hilarious, and certifiably nuts. Go is a great character as well. Can't wait to see this come to life as a movie![*SPOILER ALERT*.... KINDA]Amy is actually a psychopath.... and I liked it. Made me feel like everytime my husband calls me crazy for nagging him about something little that I could say that he's never seen crazy wife. haha.
I almost gave this five stars. I could not put this book down. It was intense. It had so many twists and turns. Amy is amazing. I don't know if that's good or bad. I feel for Nick. I want closure for Nick.  I cannot accept the ending. Sure, I could accept that sometimes life isn't fair or black and white and accept how it ended sort of like Nick did... but I am left unsatisfied. Maybe there is or will be a follow up. That would be worth the read! Ultimately, I loved the book. I would have given it five stars if I still wasn't sitting here hitting my head against the wall wondering how it could of would end if we kept going.
Read it if you haven't.  Great characters.  Great pacing.  Great mystery.  The movie will be out next summer (Ben Affleck).  Great great great book.
Gillian Flynn is a new and unique writer - love her style. Gone girl is a page turner that follows the story of a young married couple and how they begin to learn things about each other that are disturbing and dangerous. After his wife goes missing, Nick finds clues into his wife's mind that leaves the reader on edge. This suspense novel is a definite read.
I found this book hard to put down as it was hard to predict what was happening next;  unbelievable end.
I have never been so pissed off at two characters in my life! There is nothing more frustrating than an ending so bland and nonchalant after such a climactic build up and revelations throughout the novel. Disgusted with the ending and with Nick 's character seemingly going "oh well, my psycho wife framed me for her non-murder but it's all okay she's home now so let's pretend nothing happened." All that hype and excitement for nothing.
This was selected as a book for our book club. I do like books written with bouncing timelines. The characters are unlikable. The setting boring. Two thumbs down.
Gone Girl is a pleasant summer read that has an excellent start but towards the middle loses some steam. The insights in sharing a life with someone were remarkably cogent, especially regarding the relationship between males and females. What we expect from a relationship, how men treat women and vice versa rang very true since they were so up-to-date.Nevertheless, towards the middle of the book, the plot became more and more unbelievable making it difficult to identify with both the wife and the husband. The humor and insightful comments were still there but the reader tends to distance him/herself more from the main characters.I recommend the book as a good summer read when you just want to put your mind at rest and smile every once in a while.
Just when I thought I had it figured out, here comes a twist... then another and another! Great book. I wish I could unread it and read it again. Definitely would reccomend to read.
Don't read the negative reviews! This book is like nothing I've read before!I could not put it down. Some have hated the ending, but it was fine for me. Is a great book. Read this & other books by Gillian Flynn. She is someone to watch!
Wow.... I will probably be trying to process this book for the next few days. It screws with your mind so much so that at the end I didn't even know if that ending was good or well suited for this story and those gut wrenchingly horrible yet masterfully written characters or how I would've preferred it to end. The author did a brilliant job of creating two of the most disdainful characters I have ever had the pleasure of reading about, a sly whodunnit with a wicked twist.I could not put this book down and I pray they do this book justice when they put it on the big screen.
I do not want to be a spoiler to this page turning tome.  You will enjoy this novel so very much. Nick and Amy meet in New York City and fall madly in love.  They are very happy until Nick gets laid off. Then he finds out his mother has cancer and his father has Alzheimer's.  They move to Missouri and begin a life there.  One day a neighbor calls Nick at the bar he owns to come home His front door is wide open. He finds signs of a big struggle and his wife, Amy is missing. Nick calls the police but starts lying. He is a man with lots of secrets. You will not be able to put this one down until it is finished!
Great and interesting bookVery Enjoyable and couldnot put it downHope others read books by this authorThank you
This book had many twists and turns.  Just when you thought you knew where the plot was going, the author surprised the reader.  It was a page turner and hard to put down.
Incredible!  Could not put it down!  Husband & wife, who leaves who?  Twists and turns the whole way through.  Believable characters...the author draws you in!
I give this book four stars in spite of really disliking the ending. It's a clever and intelligently written book that captivated my attention. By the time I realized one of the characters is a psychopath, I was too far into it to care. At first I feared it may be another book like We Need to Talk about Kevin, and in some ways it is, but the tone is really much lighter and at times more entertaining. I truly appreciated the scathing indictment it makes of the ridiculous rituals men and women do in the name of romance. I felt the subtext of the insane relationship the book chronicles is that there is something seriously wrong with heterosexual romantic love in general and gender roles in particular. (The character Amy's rant about the phenomenon of the "cool girl" was for me the highlight of the book!). Of course, the situation in the novel is most extreme (and most relationships are merely neurotic rather than psychotic like this one), but then this is fiction. I did enjoy Gone Girl, but I felt the story went on too long and the dynamics were just too much. After a point I was sick to death of both Amy and Nick and didn't feel any payoff at the end.
It's rare that a mystery surprises me anymore.  But that is exactly what this one did.  Until the twist, I was still guessing who did it.Read the story - you won't be disappointed!
We read this book for a book club that I belong too.  I am so glad this was chosen.  I couldn't stop reading it and you could tell there was going to be twists and turns but couldn't imagine what they were going to be...recommended for everyone!
This book kept me hooked until the last page.  I loved reading the different points of view, a real "he said, she said."  It made me appreciate the author's twisted style, and I can't wait for more.
I absolutely loved this book. The characters are not only well developed but they are brand new - nothing recycled here.  The complexities of Amy's personality, the layers of detail, planning and deviousness that were required for her to execute her master plan were fascinating and surprising at every turn, the prose was clear, the language was entertaining and novel. But what struck me most was the dialogue, which was fresh, natural, and rang completely true, a rare find in my reading anyway.  I'm sorry Gillian Flynn is a relatively new author because I know I'm going to go through everything she's written and be left hungry for more.  Perfect book.
I finally got into this book, and am finally into the mystery, but the language is so offensive that I have almost abandoned the book several times.  However the mystery keeps me continuing on.  I have read many books much better, but the mystery is good.
I bought this because it was at the top of the best seller list for some time.  Mistake on my part.  Obviously others liked this book a lot more that I did.  I just didn't get far enough into the book to be able to fairly rate it.  As far as I got, there were just too many complications for me to want to deal with.
This book has a lot of twists and changes in direction to develop the characters. I really enjoyed the way it suggested where the story was going and then got there slowly through the characters. By the end, you have an excellent portrait of the killer's pysche, even though you knew who the killer was through most of the book. I liked this book so much I bought 2 more and I'm really enjoying them.
This is an &#8220;amazing&#8221; book. Gillian Flynn proves she is a master at understanding how relationships work &#8211; the subtleties and nuances and shifting perspectives and multi-layered power plays that are usually inherent in any long-term relationship or marriage. The mystery is good, yes, but the psychology is better; it is outstanding. This book is worth reading purely for its insights into complicated human relationships &#8211; the kind that onlookers and outsiders may not understand.Excerpts as examples:1) &#8220;Because isn&#8217;t that the point of every relationship: to be known by someone else, to be understood? He gets me. She gets me. Isn&#8217;t that the simple magic phrase? So you suffer through the night with the perfect-on-paper man &#8211; the stutter of jokes misunderstood, the witty remarks lobbed and missed. Or maybe he understands that you&#8217;ve made a witty remark but, unsure of what to do with it, he holds it in his hand like some bit of conversational phlegm he will wipe away later. You spend another hour trying to find each other, to recognize each other, and you drink a little too much and try a little too hard. And you go home to a cold bed and think, That was fine. And your life is a long line of fine.&#8220;And then you run into Nick Dunne on Seventh Avenue as you&#8217;re buying diced cantaloupe, and pow, you are known, you are recognized, the both of you. You both find the exact same things worth remembering&#8230;You have the same rhythm. Click. You just know each other. All of a sudden you see reading in bed and waffles on Sunday and laughing at nothing and his mouth on yours. And it&#8217;s so far beyond fine that you know you can never go back to fine. That fast. You think: Oh, here is the rest of my life. It&#8217;s finally arrived.&#8221;2) &#8220;Nick is old-fashioned, he needs his freedom, he doesn&#8217;t like to explain himself. He&#8217;ll know he has plans with the guys for a week, and he&#8217;ll still wait until an hour before the poker game to tell me nonchalantly, &#8216;Hey, so I thought I&#8217;d join the guys for poker tonight, if that&#8217;s okay with you,&#8217; and leave me to be the bad guy if I&#8217;ve made other plans. You don&#8217;t ever want to be the wife who keeps her husband from playing poker &#8211; you don&#8217;t want to be the shrew with the hair curlers and the rolling pin. So you swallow your disappointment and say okay.&#8221;**Spoiler Alert**3) &#8220;I&#8217;d already pictured myself with a regular woman &#8211; a sweet, normal girl next door &#8211; and I&#8217;d already pictured telling this regular woman the story of Amy, the lengths she had gone to &#8211; to punish me and to return to me&#8230;Amy was toxic, yet I couldn&#8217;t imagine a world without her entirely. Who would I be with Amy just gone? There were no options that interested me anymore.&#8221;
I found this to be one of those books I kept reading to find out what happened more than I was enjoying reading the book.  I am lookiing forward to the movie.  I understand they changed the ending.  I hope it is more satisfying than the book ending was.
When the dazzling, ingenious, and selective Amy Elliott finally finds and marries laid-back, hunky dude and fellow writer Nick Dunne, it seemed as though life would be good for them both into the distant future. But alas, some of their marital bliss is faade, but more directly, economic realities strike a major blow. Amy, being the only child of the authors of the "Amazing Amy" series of children's books based on her imagined life, has a sizeable trust fund, but losing their jobs to the reaches of the Internet exposes fault lines, usually kept submerged, in their relationship.The story begins in eastern Missouri, where Nick has dragged Amy to live to ostensibly be near his dying mother, on the day of their fifth anniversary - the last normal day of their lives. That is the day that Amy disappears amidst several tasks abruptly interrupted, furniture overturned, etc. Told in alternate chapters by Amy from her past and by Nick in the present, much is revealed concerning their psychological states and hidden actions that could have a bearing on this latest crisis. But only Nick is left to explain several matters that have come to light.It is an intricate, interesting story, though a bit drawn-out, with a good cast of supporting characters, especially Go, Nick's sister, the co-owner of The Bar that Nick opened when he returned to Missouri. It is a take on the pathological games that can be played in the context of a marriage, especially by those with inordinate intelligence, as well as perversity.
This book started a little slow for me and quickly picked up pace and plot until I could hardly put it down!  Emotions get totally turned upside down as you become involved with each character.  Great read!
Interestiing read...I've forgotten much of it since I read it months ago but enjoyed it at the time I read it.
I couldn't put the book down!  It was well written and kept me on the edge of my seat.  I don't want to give anything away, but there were many moments when my jaw hit the floor!!!!
Many times I wanted to put this book down, to turn away from it, as it is a very dark and psychological thriller about a "psycho b****".Gillian Flynn must be a psychologist, a writer, a police officer and a defense lawyer all rolled into one.She manages to create a story articulating extremely toxic people and the influences that our current "trial by media" have on criminal investigations with a scary thriller in 415 unforgettable pages.This book is a roller coaster ride that does not let you off, even when you've had enough.See for yourself.Amazing Amy and Naughty Nick will live on, I'm sure, in books to come.
Enjoyed the characters and their circumstance in life. Story line seemed to make sudden stops and quick starts. Hope you enjoy.
This is a story with fascinating twists and turns. Well and originally written. Calls for a sequel! It is more than a who done it.
it was still good. Kept me turning pages. What seems REALLY obvious at first turns out not to be.  The twists and turns  keeps you interested.
Wow.  This story sucked me in quick.  I really enjoyed the read.  Part two took an unexpected turn for me, which I rather liked as well. The end... not so much.  Have you ever watched a movie, and it's clear they had a good idea to begin with, but then they just didn't now how to end it?  That's how this was for me.  It was a softball ending that left me disappointed.
The reader is sucked into this story, immediately bonding with the worried husband, But then we see the wife's story unfold through her diary.  By the time total insanity sets in, the reader is desperately trying to make sense of the plot twists and put rationality into total and complete irrationality.  I was left literally gasping for air at the close of the novel.  Flynn is a brilliant story teller.
I really enjoyed this page-turner of a "marriage-gone-wrong" mystery until very close to the end.  I won't spoil it but, what a disappointment after a wild ride of psychological and relationship twists and turns that kept creating different impressions of the two main characters.  In the end, however, I realized that though the portrait of the husband was never clear enough, the sketch of his character didn't fit with the resolution of the plot.  Such a shame, because I can think of several better approaches and began doing so as the plot began to falter.  Well-written and fast moving, but ultimately, disappointing.
As a noir novel, &#34;Gone Girl&#34; is not a terribly creative or a well-written novel.  It lacks the style and pacing of James Ellroy at the top of his form, or the pure cynicism of Laurence Block at his most creative.  But what makes &#34;Gone Girl&#34; such an addictive read is its microscopic attention to the personality and psychology of its two main characters, Amy and Nick, who are trapped in a tragically co-dependant relationship that comically completes each other.In the end, Nick says it best:  &#34;I can't imagine my life without Amy.  She is my forever antagonist.  We are one long frightening climax.&#34;  Nick and Amy are Kurtz and Marlowe, Sherlock Holmes and Moriarty, Superman and Lex Luthor, married.
Gone Girl was one of those books I just could not put down. Every time I thought I knew where the story was going and started to prepare myself for the let down of just another crime novel, the author gave everything a twist. Without spoiling anything the treasure hunts were Amazingly clever! I resisted reading this book for awhile. However, I am so glad I did and highly recommend it.
Loved it -- great character development, keeps you intrigued, everything that you'd want in a book about modern marriageDeep and dark and full of surprises -- trust me, this ones a winner -- more please
GONE GIRL is one of those books that you cannot put down.  I read it in 36 hours, practically non-stop.The story is so absorbing; as you are reading you wonder how the author could even have come up with the premise.  As soon as you think you know what will happen next,  another twist appears, one that shocks and amazes you.Buy it; read it and share the book with your friends.  You will need someone to discuss this with when you're done.
I really tried to like this book. I just can't, sorry :(. I know the movie is coming out soon and Ben Aflec plays the husband but...  It was an easy read. Felt choppy. I will give the movie a 2nd chance but not the book.  Forget the book justness the movie and I never say that. I always prefer the book over the movie.
I was skeptical about this book for the first couple of chapters; I'm so glad I persisted, because soon I couldn't put it down! I love how it is written in two voices. My loyalty to and sympathy for the characters kept changing. I found my self thinking about the story line when I wasn't reading, trying to put the pieces of the puzzle together. Some things I figured out (and felt very smart!), but there were surprises until the very end. Now that I know how it ended, I'll probably read it again and enjoy seeing how the pieces all fit together.
I started this book as an audio book and then switched to print so that I could read it faster.  (I also read it a few months ago so it isn't as fresh in my mind as it was when I finished it.)  I just had to see what was going to happen.  At first it seems like Nick is the worst husband in the world, making his wife leave the city she loves to come to his hometown where she has no friends and no hope of a job, but from there things change.  Amy is missing, and has gone missing on her fifth wedding anniversary, Nick is having an affair with a younger girl and working at a bar he owns with his sister, the police think he is responsible for whatever befell his wife.From the beginning I wondered if Nick could really be that self centered and cold and if Amy could really be as perfect and accommodating as she seemed in her diary, but from there it just goes.  Hearing Amy in her own voice, not her journal voice, but her actual voice changes everything.  Is she alive or is she dead, where did she go and why, who is she with and is it because she wants to be there or has she been taken.  The book leads you through quite a few twists and turns and each time I thought I was onto how it was going to play out something new would be thrown into the mix.  I don't want to give anything away, although at this point I am sure there are plenty of spoilers out there, but I have to say I have some conflicted feelings about the ending, it just doesn't seem fair, but nothing about this book or this marriage really seem fair.The book also brings up questions of what we are all capable of doing and being.  How much manipulation can twist a relationship and when should someone feel guilt.  Can someone be so broken inside that he or she is unable to feel guilt or see things from someone else's perspective.  This was well written and suspenseful, but quite unsettling.
It has been a long time since I absolutely devoured a book. I finished this one in just under 3 days! I literally couldn't put it down. Nick's wife Amy disappears on the day of their fifth wedding anniversary under suspicious circumstances, and he has no plausible alibi for most of the day. But he acts like a forlorn, grieving husband - except when he doesn't; and still we are lead to believe that he didn't kill her. Then we find out that he has been having an affair for over a year, so maybe he did do it after all?The first two thirds of the book proceeds with a chapter of first person reporting by Nick, alternating with a chapter as told through Amy's diary. We don't know who is reading from the diary or where it is. But it certainly implicates Nick heavily. The pace and narration of the novel changes considerably in Part 2, though it is no less engrossing.Without including any spoilers, I can just say that the truths, lies, half-lies, innuendos, assumptions, mysteries and plot twists are woven into an astonishing tale with an equally astonishing conclusion. It is a compelling story of relationships gone awry, and a chilling reminder that we can never thoroughly know another person.
I love a good murder mystery. And the mystery is maintained well into this book. But I am also a reader who likes to know &#34;who's side&#34; I'm on. As I found with the movie &#34;Grifters&#34;, I didn't really stand on anyone's (I mean ANYone's) side in this story. I believe characters can have flaws and still be likeable, but somehow I didn't bond with any of the characters in this book. But it held my interest pretty well considering this &#34;fault&#34;! My &#34;It's okay&#34; rating is a high Okay. More like a &#34;Pretty Good&#34;.
This review is difficult to write without giving away those plot twists and turns that make the book worth reading and which the reader should discover for him/herself.  Nick and Amy are about to celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary.  They have been experiencing some bumps in their marriage and while Nick is having an affair with a younger woman, Amy is planning a celebration designed to return them to a state of wedded bliss.  But before the celebration can begin, Amy disappears.  There are signs of a struggle in the house, Nick cannot account for his time that morning, and of course the police are looking at him as a prime suspect.  However, predictably, Nick swears he is innocent and is as puzzled as anyone by her disappearance.  So, if Nick didn't do it, who did?  Early in the book, by about page 50, you will figure out the "who".  It's the why and the how that remain a puzzle, with clues being slowly reeled out like a fishing line into the ocean.  This is not your run-of-the-mill "wife goes missing; foul play is suspected; husband seems the most likely suspect" tale, though it may seem that way at first.In most stories, there is at least one character to love, and at least one that we love to hate.  In this book, there are no truly lovable characters, but there is absolutely at least one very "hate-able" character.  Who it is, is for the reader to figure out ... trust me, it won't take you long.  The level of evil in this plot goes beyond anything most of us could even begin to imagine, let alone ever experience in our own lives.  Thankfully.  While the storyline keeps the reader riveted, it was not one of those books that I just couldn't put down until I had all the answers.  In fact, a few times I had to step away from it because the pure evil was just too much.  One character is completely devoid of a conscience, and the rest have not much more.  It was, to say the least, a disturbing read.Gone Girl has, as of this writing, spent 31 weeks on the New York Times Bestseller List, several of which have been in the number one spot.  Despite that, I can only give it a three-star rating.  My complaints:  the plot details were beyond believable, the two main characters were fairly well-drawn, but the supporting characters were all one-dimensional as cardboard cut-outs.  But the thing that really brought my opinion down was the ending which simply left me cold.  Whereas a really good book leaves the reader wanting more, wishing it would go on, this book leaves the reader thankful that it is over. Given the attention to detail and the presumption throughout the book that somehow justice would win in the end, the ending seemed almost as if the author was getting tired of writing and needed to meet a deadline so she came up with a lukewarm and highly disappointing ending to an otherwise adequate story.
I really enjoyed this book.  Took a little white to get into it, but once I did, it was great!!!  It was a reading for our book club and it made for a great discussion.
Well written, full of suspense and surprises and completely unpredictible. I couldnt put it down. To call it a beach read is demeaning to this book - but its a perfect summer afternoon book to read. I cant wait to read this author's other books now.
I came to this book without expectations. It seems everyone but I had heard of it and already added it to their Goodreads "Want to Read" bookshelf, but it's all in character for me, so I shouldn't be surprised. That being said, I only got to page 16 before I decided I loved this book. Gillian (like my name, so we're practically twins!) Flynn's Gone Girl is a perfect specimen for a morbid curiosity. The girl in question is Amy Elliott Dunne, the supposed victim in a missing person's case. Her husband Lance Nicholas "Nick" Dunne is the supposed perpetrator (because it's always the husband, right?). Amy and Nick are beautiful, successful, clever, and bursting with love for each other, but when both are laid off, the initial spark of their marriage dies out, and a family crisis uproots them from their beloved Manhattan and lands them in Nick's rural Missouri hometown of North Carthage, the two are embroiled in a battle of wit, sadism, and manipulation. You won't be able to tear your eyes away from this train wreck, and you may think you can predict the outcome (and maybe you're better at that than I am), but you will enjoy the unfolding of this disastrous relationship the whole time.Read the rest of my review on my blog: [...]
In true Gillian Flynn fashion this is another twisted tale. For me nothing she has written has measured up to her first novel, Sharp Objects but each has been increasingly disturbing. Flynn has a knack for weaving tales without letting the reader know exactly what is going on until the end and this is no exception. Her novels leave you feeling unnerved, which is no small feat. I won't leave any spoilers, but I will say whatever you do, do not skip ahead pages, don't even fan through the pages you will ruin the experience for yourself.
The book starts off slow. It took so long for me to get into it but then I could not put it down.  It wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. I like the plot twists though.
I enjoyed the charactors in this novel.  I'm looking forward to the movie this year.  My only complaint was the ending.  It was a bit of a let down.
Gone Girl - and I'll say it straight out - is not the easiest book to review.  There are more curves than a rollercoaster and the plot never neatly goes where you think it's heading.  So it's important to review gingerly, without giving spoilers.Suffice to say this:  Gone Girl is the most mature and compelling of Gillian Flynn's works so far.  Through this book, she elevates herself from somewhat superior suspense writing to prose that is steeped in psychodynamics and onrushing tension.Parts of it are downright brilliant.  The protagonists are Amy Elliott Dunne - the prototype for the Amazing Amy child book series - and her husband of five years, Nick Dunne. They are the perfect couple, attractive, charming, clever, and in love.  And then Amy goes missing.The toxicity of their marriage - and how they complete each other in the ugliest possible way - is only gradually revealed.  Just when you think you "get it", you find out that you don't, not really.  The narrative goes back and forth from Amy's oh-so-happy diary entries to Nick's evasiveness.  But what is true and what is lies?  The reader is soon sucked into their toxic game and the suspense kept me turning pages late into the night.Gillian Flynn rounds out this danse-a-deux with some incredibly realistic police officers, a Nancy Grace clone, and a celebrity lawyer named Tanner.  She has much to say bout the twenty-four-hour news cycle and media vultures, the cultural messages that women are subjected to ("bleed-and-clean"),  and the biases we harbor after watching too much CSI and Law And Order.The ending may be too contrived for some.  It was for me.  There will likely be discussion about whether it works or not.  As a result, the book fell into the 4.5 category.  In the end,  any book that could keep me reading 400 pages without coming up for air is a winner!
This review contains some spoilers.To start, I do think this book was a little overrated. Like many others, I didn't really like the ending. I thought the last fifth of the book could have been more developed. I didn't care foe the character Desi. I thought he seamed more like a caricature than a real believable person. I did like the irony of how &#34;he helped her&#34;.  The book had many redeeming qualities too. There was a quote early on about &#34;what have we done to each other&#34; which I found interesting. What happens after years of marriage when instead of bringing out the best of each other, you start bringing out the worst. It also brings up the question of how well we really know our spouses. And what happens after that initial period when you are showing your best side, and being who you think the other person wants you to be? Another interesting topic is how one often acts based on what we have seen on the news and in the movies. What happens when you don't &#34;behave like a normal person would&#34;  and what are we basing&#34;normal&#34; on?  How ironic that the main character was most believed when he was actually faking it. Finally, what would you do if you start to realize your spouse really is psycho? I kinda wish at the end that the wife would have been more cunning in getting her husband to second guess himself and to start to believe that he were crazy and not his wife. The ending also touches on how we humans sometimes get through terrible situations by going through the motions, faking it for so long until you realize you aren't even faking it anymore. All in all, the book gave me a lot to think about so I rate it a solid 3&1/2 stars.
I loved the two twists in this book, although I did guess the 1st one. The remainder of this book is just an easy read that didn't really grab my attention.
Very exciting book! The Author keeps you guessing  there are lots of twist and turns in the story. Definitely worth reading.
What is it about a lot of this contemporary fiction that is so worthless? After reading this long book, I could care less what happens to any of the characters because they are all so unlikeable. I feel gypped for wasting my money on this lame book that is rated so highly by so many readers. Don't waste your money. If you must read it, get it for free from the library and don't enrich a worthless read. I didn't get one thing out of reading this book.
This book had SO many surprises! It was one of those books that compels you to stay up much, much later than you should. Excellent read!
Now I know why this book has been so popular.  A story full of twists and turns and dark humor.  I read 2-3 books a week, and this is the best I've read in a long time.
Flynn has put together an amazing book of hope, fear, weird twists and the psyche. Most of us will recognize some of our dark selves in Gone Girl. Now, it is time for the sequel.
Very good book!  The end was a little contrived.  Overall it was an excellent and fun ride. I recommend this book highly.
Psychology buffs or students will like this better than I did.  I read it as two co-dependents--both with mental problems.  This is the second book by Gillian Flynn that I have read that dealt very sadly with mental illness and I won't go there again.
I became grumpy reading this book.  There is so much disfunction in modern life, I do not need to add to it by reading about two engaging but definitely dysfunctional characters.
This book deserves its best-seller status. Its a fast paced, well written story, packed with plenty of surprises. That being said, I do have a couple of reservations abut the book. For one thing there an awful lot of repetitious riffs on relationships. For male readers this can get a little tiresome. And I've never been crazy about stories with no admirable or heroic characters. The book is very 21st century in its orientation toward the importance of media image and media reputation.On the other hand, the villain in this book is one of the creepiest villains in all of modern fiction and the author's observations about middle class life in the heartland of America are searing but usually right on the money. All in all, this a great read to pass the time at the beach.
Great set-up. Really explores the nitty gritty of marriage in an interesting way. He in first person, she thru diary entries. Had me hanging...waiting for the big ending, twisty and turny, and then....nothing.
Gillian Flynn's GONE GIRL is a quiet suspense thriller told from the stand points of the spouses dipped in the blood of the not so innocent.On the morning of Amy and (Lance) Nick dunne's five year wedding anniversay Nick comes home from the bar that he and his sister own to find Amy GONE!!  What follows is a brilliantly written fictional study on the unravelling of a marriage and how the media circus fuels an uncontrollable fire. While I was reading this beautifully written, somber, at times brutally violent tale of a marriage I had flashbacks to the various 'wife gone missing' cases that has haunted the american public i.e Scott Peterson, Drew Peterson (note the last names???) and Mark Hacking just to mention a few..a missing wife and all forms of the media presume 'he' is guilty!Told from Nick Dunne's persepective from the morning of her vanishing and Amy's diary in hope's of being found..the two stories collide in a 'white knuckle' investigation where nothing is what it seems..As their tales come to light we as the voyeurs (readers) can't help but begin to choose sides as if it was all over tv, internet and newsprint.What is really going on a one of the pleasant surprises about GONE GIRL.  Ms. Flynn has taken her time and fleshed out every character to pure exhaustian.After you end the book, either you will in some ways cheated by what happens or you will see and think about it and realize this novel HAD to end this way!In my opinion...six stars!Jim Munchel/Co-Manager of BooksBooks A Million/ Harrisburg, Pa.
A thrilling read all the way through - very impressive first person chronology from two persons' standpoints, opposite sex, no less. I HATED the ending BAH! HUMBUG!
I REALLY do not understand all the accolade given to this book. I am not finished with it yet but am itching to write the review. I was very much looking forward to this "suspenseful and twisted psychological thriller". I think the book is incredibly boring. Mind you I am actually listening to it during work commute versus actually reading it and often times the narrator makes or breaks the book. In this case the narrators definitely contribute to irritation. They read very slowly as if to someone with comprehension problems and at time they sound like their mouths are full of spit. Never mid all that. I find the book incredibly slow paced with pages and pages of unnecessary details that are often repeated and boring conversations. It seems none of the characters can get to the point. There is a plot twist thankfully, because I was truly getting ready to stop listening to this boredom and move on to other things. Even with the plot twist I have completely lost interest in what is going to happen. It also does not help that none of the characters are even remotely likeable or original. To me, this book is neither a page turner like say Harlan Coben books are nor, a procedural novel with "make sense" plots like say Michael Connolly. I just don't understand all the excitement. Based on the ratings it appears I am the minority on this. I rarely write review but this time waster got me pretty agitated.
I just finished reading "Gone Girl" a few minutes ago. I read almost straight thru because it's that kind of book. I was kept wondering what was going to happen next because there was no telling what a warped mind would come up with, the warped mind belonging to Amy Dunne. The ending was a surprise, and not what I wanted to happen. The ending made me sick. I certainly had another ending in mind, but didn't get it. However, overall this was a good book. It really kept me guessing till the last couple of pages, but then I started thinking "oh-no, surely he won't.......", but he did.
This is one of the worst books I have ever read, and I have read thousands. There is no character in the entire book that I cared one wit about, and would not have been upset at all if they all bit the dust. The ending was as big a letdown as most Steven King books.
I was glad it ended when it did.....I'd had enough of these two sick people.....haven't met any like them but suppose there could be some.
It started out very slowly for me, but then when I got about 25% of the way through I was hooked.  Part two BLEW MY MIND and then it all went down hill from there.  Part three was slow and I hated the ending.  I'm glad I read it, because I want to see the movie and see how they compare, but I was disappointed.
These characters are all too real, all too damaged. Interesting to see where the plot leads. Heavy focus on the lead characters.
This is the 3rd Gillian Flynn book I read and this was my favorite. The story has a lot of twists and turns so just when you thought you had it figured out something new happens.  I was talking about the book with a friend and one thing I told them was that I was surprised I liked the book so much because I really did not like any of the lead characters.  It was a book where I didn't find myself rooting for anyone in particular- I enjoyed it solely for the story and the journey it took me on.
This complicated mystery was super and kept me reading until the end.  The chapters are very short and written from the point of view of the two major characters, with chapter titles of simply &#34;Nick&#34; or &#34;Amy&#34;.  Some of the book is presented in diary form.  The story is very complex.  Hard to believe that anyone would have the skill and persistence to carry out a plot to ruin a spouse in such a wide variety of strange ways.  I don't have time to read at length, so I kept it handy and read a few chapters quickly when I got a short window of time.  The only thing that disappointed me is the ending, but I believe that it is designed like a season's closing of a soap opera or sitcom, creating a jumping-off point if a sequel is in the future. This novel was recommended by a friend for a book club selection, and it certainly did not disappoint.  It generated positive responses from every member.  I would definitely read other novels by Gillian Flynn.
Don't read any more reviews of this book for fear of spoiling your experience!  Just start reading, and make sure you've blocked out enough time to finish, since you won't want to put it down!
This is the best book I've read in years. The author is insanely talented. The way it was written was exceptional. I could not put this book down, character development was amazing and the reader wrestles back and forth questioning WHO is the "bad" guy. I have never read a book like this before! Excellent. I was with the author until the last few pages and I wasn't too trilled with the ending but the ride getting there was amazing! I hope her other books are just as good!
The book told the story of this married couple who moved from New York City back to the husband's small town in Missouri.  It tells of his wife's adjustment to the return his home and her relationship with his mother, sister, and father who suffers from dementia.The chapters alternate between narratives by Nick, the husband, and Amy, his wife.  She disappears at the beginning of the novel and her husband, who has been cheating on her, doesn't seem overly distressed to the townspeople and police.  I didn't expect the structure of the book to use the alternating narratives by Nick and Amy.  It still tells an interesting story but I found it a bit plodding.
Did not think the wit was particular sharp or otherwise.The chapters went on and on.  Subject matter could have beenstated in a few sentence and did not need to be repeated over andover.
I"m on page 296 of 415 pages and can't wait for it to end.  It would have been a good book at maybe 300 pages, but it definitely did not need to be 415 pages.  Just my two cents worth.
This book was interesting with lots of twists and turns, but it did drag on.  I really disliked the ending.
This was an okay book. But it was not nearly as good as people made it out to be. It pulls the reader in quickly but there was some depth lacking.
Typically, I shy away from books that have gotten a lot of press and recognition within popular culture. Combine that with some of the early reviews/summaries that I came across (a marriage in trouble, but it's not what you think!), and I had pretty much erased &#34;Gone Girl&#34; from my radar. Then, lo and behold, Amazon Prime was practically GIVING it away ($3, shipped, for a hardcover?), so I decided to give it a chance. I am pretty much spoiled by my kindle now (lazy as I am), and reading a hard cover book can be tedious, so I wondered if this one would become a dust-catcher on my bedside table. But this book surprised me before I even started reading: its heft is well-balanced, its layout is easy to follow, and there is no &#34;deckle edge&#34; (I hate deckle edge!).Sorry for the anatomy report, but it makes a difference to my reading experience!The story itself is pretty much what those early summaries and reviews promised: husband and wife tell the tale in alternating chapters, from their own point of view at the time. Early on, the wife is found to be missing, and the husband admits to (the reader) lying to the police. Of course, all is not as it might first seem, and the plot twists and turns, revealing, layer upon layer, the truth of this troubled marriage. A likely story, you say? Flynn saves the plot from mediocrity with her pointed, easy-to-read prose and believable portrayal of madmen (and madwomen) on the loose. I couldn't give it five stars, although I really wanted to: the ending, to me, seemed like it stopped short, and cheapened all the work that Flynn had done early on to create this remarkable (still) story.
I loved Gone Girl. I thought it was well written and believable. Although I figured out "Who Done It" before it was revealed, I was still intrigued by the way it was drafted. I loved the references to contemporary media and how Flynn wove them into the plot. My only hesitation in giving it 5 stars was how it ended, although I wasn't as turned-off by the ending as a few of the reviewers. Just would have liked a little more motivation on the character's part.  Thank you Gillian Flynn.J. S. Winn, author of Out of the Shadow, Amazon.com/dp/B008PYM59C
Derivative. It's a word used frequently in Gone Girl. The main characters are always concerned that their brilliant wit isn't quite so brilliant and may be derivative. I hate to break it to the author, but some of this story and the entire character of Amy is derivative. Amy is a product of two psychologists who write books based on her, the child. Sounds familiar. Six Feet Under did that years ago with the story of Brenda. Halfway through the book I groaned because I realized I was reading what had been a popular 1990's movie (and book prior to that) only this one tweaked it a bit. The ending is so ridiculous and such a letdown that I found it hard not to throw it out the window.The author clearly has deep issues with both men and women. Both are written in the most vile ways. No one is likable or remotely relatable. The book is loaded with plot devices that are so in your face that it no longer has any sense of reality. People make horrible decisions just so the author can get from point A to B. I just kept thinking that no one could be that stupid (since they had been presented as brilliant) until I realized it was the only way the author figured a character in or out of a situation.  I'm positive there were smarter ways.This was a big mess of a story. The only positive was that it did have some interesting social commentary regarding the media (Nancy Grace) and the electronic times we live in. The actual plot was laughable and unrealistic.
Everybody hates the ending. I liked it. It leaves a lot of room for interpretation, AND suggests the story is not over, and can go on and on and on............ Does she get him? Does he get her? Maybe the kid grows up and does them both. Look for Amazing Amy 2, coming soon to a book store near you.
Zowie! The battlefield of marriage has never been more deadly than in Gillian Flynn's latest novel, GONE GIRL.  When perfect wife Amy Dunn disappears from her home under suspicious circumstances, her husband, Nick, well known around his home town as a good guy, is the main suspect.  Amid a media circus that alternatively damns and absolves Nick as the days of Amy absence count down, the story of their marriage slowly unfolds.  Told from the alternating viewpoints of husband and wife, the switchbacks and surprises never let up in this incredibly suspenseful nail-biter. If you're looking for an involving mystery that doesn't hew to bestseller mystery tropes, GONE GIRL is for you.  What a pleasure! Gillian Flynn delivers!
i picked this up for beach read and couldn't put it down but didn't love the ending. beautiful turns of phrase like &#34;explosively romantic&#34; - which it was.
What a great book! There are many plot twists and I couldn't put it down. I'm not one for suspense novels but this one was great! I'm a big baby and it didn't make me scared to go to sleep at night&#8212; it's not that type of suspense.I look forward to reading more of Flynn's novels.... if I can find another one that won't make me be fearful to be home alone!
This book has a slow start, it took me awhile to get into it.  The last third of the book was really interesting, I could hardly put it down.  I would recommend this book but you have to be patient.
I absolutely loved the writing style of this Author. LOVED IT. The first third of this book had me hooked. It had action, amazing imagery, extremely intelligently written. The second third was getting a little &#34;out there&#34; but still had me hanging because I can appreciate a good imagination. The last third had me scratching my head.. the last chapter had me irritated. Absolutely horrible ending.I'm giving it 3 stars because I love the idea of the book and the imagination. The writing style is my favorite so far.. The ending ruined the entire story.That's my non-spoiler- 2 cents.
The IDEA of this book is creative, but the execution is wanting. The author does not sufficiently establish motives for the central characters to behave the way they do. And the ending is not quite believable either. I probably wouldn't read another Flynn book.
I liked this book a lot, for the story and unusual way it was put together.  I could hardly put it down, in fact.  But the ending was not believable to me and I was disappointed in that.  Still, it makes for an interesting page-turner.  I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys &#34;murder&#34; mysteries.  It reads like true crime novels.
A story full of twists and changes not knowing what direction you were headed... I can say the ending just blew me away... REALLY
It felt like the book just stayed at the same pace the whole time, not a lot of excitement but an interesting story line.
This was a roller coaster ride, read this for BOOK CLUB, the beginning is boring took sometime to get into this book it was well worth it. My gtoodness are there really people like this in the world that we know? This isw scary to me I hope not. Yes I encourage others to read
This book takes constant sharp turns and even ends different than you think; I feel like I need a cigarette after it. Ha!
I never thought I'd finish this book as quickly as I did, due to the length, but I couldn't put it down. It's such a clever, well written story. You constantly keep switching sides of who you love and hate!  It does have a dark ominous tone, but I enjoy this as a break from my normal chic lit reads. Looking forward to the movie!
This book was entertaining. It had me hooked from the beginning. But it wasn't,t life changing or anything. I wouldn't,t recommend if your looking for a great book. I,ve already forgotten the characters.
I thought it was great except for the ending  I expected a bigger finish I'd say I was disappointed in the ending
Being a fan of the author's previous works, I was very excited to get my hands on this book.  That being said, I read the book description and reviews and didn't really like the way the book sounded.  I got the book anyway and was pleasantly surprised.  The description and reviews do NOT do this book justice.  It is so much more fun, exciting and demented than how it is described.  I dare to say this is Flynn's best book yet, and that's saying a lot considering I absolutely love her other works. As one who always reads reviews before purchasing books, I'm going to tell others to just buy the book. Don't even bother with the reviews! I want to say what the book is about, but I feel like any way I do, it will contain spoilers, so I will try to stay as vague as possible.I would classify this book as a psychological thriller. The book focuses on a married couple, Nick and Amy Dunne.  Nick and Amy appear as though they are made for each other.  On their five year wedding anniversary, Amy suddenly disappears.  Nick is the prime suspect and then all the twists and turns one can expect from Flynn come into play.I couldn't help but think about the Scott Peterson case and Nancy Grace while reading this book.  You can tell some influence was there!
Interesting and well written. A page turner, but please, someoneout there, tell me what you make of the ending!
I read this book based on the really good reviews other readers gave it.  However, I must have missed the entire theme of the book because I found it downright disturbing and uncomfortable to read.  I like a good mystery, but this was far beyond that in my opinion.  I didn't enjoy reading about how this "should never have gotten married" couple grew to so hate each other and the premeditated scheming on how they were going to kill each other, just was too much. Amy, the wife in this book belongs in a mental & psych ward.  When I finally finished this book, I felt absolutely wrung out.
Omg! The twists and turns this book takes...... just when you think you have it all figured out it all changes again. Great read. Thank heavens for book club because I probably would not have ever picked this book up.
This book was a great summer read! All of the reviews were so right. While it did drag on in parts it was a great page turner and really was worth the money!
Purchased this book based on the great reviews.  I read half of this book and it was boring. I tried...
wow! This book is CRAZY! Maybe not the book, I guess I mean the characters. I can't go into too much because I don't want to include spoilers. There are some insane twists in this book. This was the 1st I read of this author's and now I'm going to have to read her others. I liked the writing. The story was great. I recommend this book if you want it to mess with your mind a bit!
I'm a big fan of Gillian Flynn.  Love her writing, love the razor sharp wit, love the dark tone, love the flawed characters...heck, I love the profanity.  This is a great novel.  Smart, well-plotted, clever, and hugely entertaining.Flynn does so many things well and while many of the big twists were predictable in some cases, they were sprung at unexpected times and led the novel into different directions than I expected.  One big twist, that I was certain would be revealed at the end of the novel occurred half way through which proved far more interesting than the trajectory I thought she was on.While this is genre fiction, it is elevated in its commentary on the complex relationships that exist between men and women and children and their parents.  While it is first and foremost an entertaining thriller, there are unexpectedly astute observations on these pages.While I lavish this novel with praise, I have to qualify my enthusiasm by making it clear that not everyone will appreciate this novel.  In fact, some people will really hate it (evidenced by the significant number of 1 star ratings it has received).  My hope is that I can help you decide if you're going to love this novel or hate it.Ask yourself:  How do you feel about novels where the major characters are flawed and perhaps even unlikeable?  Are you a reader who needs characters you can "root for?"  Is it important to you that you like a protagonist and that there a `good guy (or gal)' - a hero who will prevail in the end?  If so, this probably isn't the book for you.  On the other hand, if you like the lines between good and bad to be a little blurry, you like seriously flawed characters and you appreciate a novel that isn't afraid to be cynical and nasty, Gone Girl may be up your alley.The ending of this novel is another potential source of disappointment for some readers (although I loved the ending).  If you want a novel to deliver a satisfying feeling of justice served, you may want to avoid this novel.  The ending of Gone Girl, without giving too much away, is atypical of genre fiction.  It's the kind of ending that you might find in a literary novel that isn't compelled to placate readers expecting a prescribed outcome.This novel isn't going to appeal to everyone, but for those of us who appreciate a profanity laden, smart, well-written, cleverly plotted, dark, nasty suspense novel that manages to entertain as well provide social commentary on relationships and the roles we play it doesn't get much better than this.  4  stars.
The twists and turns in the novel are wonderfully wrought.  The characters are alternately likable and despicable.Gillian Flynn is a skilled author.  Gone Girl is worth the read.
This story grabs the reader from the very first page, the opening paragraph and just doesn't let go.  It's the story of Amy and Nick Dunne-- they're a couple that has baggage just like everyone else, but that's the way life is.  As the reader, I was quickly  sucked into the vortex of this marriage that's in a very dark place, it's a marriage in  peril.  Amy disappears on their fifth wedding anniversary just as the traditional plans for celebrating their anniversary come to fruition and thus begins this chilling mind-blowing tale.  I barely looked up from this novel; it begs to be read in large chunks.  Just as I thought I had everything figured out, the plot went in a totally different direction and I was completely confounded.  All the characters are well drawn and completely believable.  At times I was sickened by what was happening, but I quickly became addicted and had to keep reading.This is the perfect suspenseful, thrilling summer read!  I look forward to reading the other offerings from this author.
Let me count the ways I hated this book:1) The characters were not only not believable but not likable. By the middle of the book, I didn't care what happened to either protagonist.2) The story is told, completely told. All writers know that good books show don't tell--they show the readers in order to help them feel, sense, become part of the action. This book does none of that. It tells and tells more. It violates every rule of good writing3) I knew I was reading fiction. In fact I never left my couch; I wasn't whisked away to some fictional spot(The mark of good fiction). Instead I knew I was reading fiction because no one can do what you are lead to believe. Nope, not in real life!4) I went into the book knowing the ending sucked, but I couldn't believe it. The only reason I kept reading and didn't toss it in the trash was I wanted to see how the author tied everything up. Well, she didn't. She just stopped. The ending was neither an ending nor was it satisfying. So, if you read this and think you'll be satisfied in the end, forget it.I'm annoyed that I got hooked into this book because of the reviews and the raves. I say readers beware. This book is not worth your time. Read something really good like the Dovekeepers by Alice Hoffman.
Maybe someone will give me a tip about how to get into this novel.  It is on so many bestseller lists that I feel I MUST read it...but I simply cannot get into it.
totally confusing emotions.  I didn't especially care for the main characters but after all, kept right on reading through til the end.
I have to rate it this high because after a life time of reading few books, few can grab my interest like this.  I would call it a psychological drama and it may not be the best one out there, but, in the end since I could not put it down...
Did not like this book at all.  Hard to follow.  Wouldn't recommend it to my friends.  My daughter did not like it either.
Marvelously written psychological thriller.  Couldn't put it down once I started reading it.  She has the soul of a poet....or a Poe.
Intricately plotted but not a favorite of mine.  Definitely scary and some people like that.  It did keep me guessing.
It's a great book but be prepared to have your psyche tossed and turned, page by page.  I don't think of myself as a masochist but I enjoyed every twist of the author's plot.  I think you will too.
I can't wait to see how thy make this book into a movie. Their was a shocker waiting for you around every corner. You just couldn't believe where Gillian Flynn was taking you next, love this author.
Sorry didn't enjoy, didn't finish, it was too boring for me, obviously not my type of book, but others do/did enjoy
Gillan Flynn did a marvelous job of character development in this novel. I felt like I got to know each person but had a hard time deciding if I liked any of them! I can understand why this novel will be developed into a movie and I suspect it will be a good one. I'm ready to read more on Flynn's work.
Amazing, had me gripped from day one, and I had no idea what would happen and at the end..Well lets just say I was surprised..lol!
I finished this book, which was just OK. Light summer readingGood chatacterization, especially of the heroine's parents.Plot kind of unbelievable/far fetched.
Very Interesting.  I read it for a book club selection. Lots to talk about. Many twists and turns. Not as expected
To put all of your talent and power into the first half of your book and exhibit such poor control of your book's end can be viewed as running out of steam or, even worse, premature ejaculation. The ending of this book is one of the most deflating examples of writing I have ever seen.
AN IMPRESSIVE STORY.  A BIT DISTURBING BUT THOUGHT PROVOKING.  LOVE, MARRIAGE, CHARACTER FLAWS AND INTRIGUE.  HARD TO PUT THIS ONE DOWN.
Wow, does this book ever suck!!!!  I thought I was going to read a crime novel and I got a relationship novel about two loathesome human beings that are a waste of oxygen.  Reading  this ongoing self involved woman's thoughts made me think I'd like to murder her myself. Her husband is pretty disgusting on his own, the two of them make you wish humanity never crawled out of the swamps....
Twist on the usual run of the mill abduction story.  Keeps one guessing.  Ending very unusual.  Good read that keeps you hooked.
This was a stunning story from start to finish. Characters who felt real, scenarios that were disturbing and twists and turns that kept me turning the pages well into the wee hours. Loved it!
This is not the type of book I usually read,  I found it very clever.  A very twisted plot.  Not a very appealing heroine.
There's nothing quite like a good crime novel every now and then and "Gone Girl" most certainly did not disappoint! It was a nail-biting, edge of my seat, gripping thriller from start to finish. It is a book in which the author very skillfully weaves the story between the characters and plot. The story is told from the point of view of the two main characters, Nick and Amy. I was wondering who exactly were these characters? Were they exactly what they seemed at first or did they have secret, hidden depths?The tension and drama in the book slowly builds, before reaching its final and very surprising crescendo.I found "Gone Girl" to be a compelling read. It was well-written and thought-provoking. This is the first book that I've read by Gillian Flynn and I've already added her other books to my ever-expanding "to be read" pile!
too long and drawn OUT. Cant imagine movie being any better
Couldn't wait to finish it. But I didn't like the end. Kind of wanted more. But it kept me guessing right to the end.
I loaded this book onto my Kindle on July 4 and started reading. And didn't stop. Everywhere I went, the Kindle went, which meant I was sneaking in reading time when I was supposed to be paying attention to something else. Gone Girl is that riveting a read.Before I invested in the download -- you could get a couple of double lattes for $12.99! -- I read most of the reviews here. A lot of people loved the book but only gave it one or two stars because of the ending. I am stunned, but I'll get to that in a minute.  Why did I like it?* The writing is almost unfailingly crisp and witty. The story is told entirely in the first person(s). Even if the reader starts to question the veracity of the stories which, by the way, you can't help doing once you realize that the narrators may not be as reliable as you might hope, there is no disputing the individual clarity and consistency of the three first person accounts.* The twists. All right, it's a mystery/thriller, so you're going to anticipate a few corkscrew moments. But every time I thought I knew which direction we were heading, the story took a u-turn and scurried up a back road I hadn't even spotted.* The sendup of the missing wife ritual. From OJ to Lacey and Scott to the Powells, we all know by now: the husband did it. Who else would have the motive? It's just a matter of figuring out how/when/what, and no one will be surprised if no body appears because there are plenty of places to hide one. Since the husband in this story is also a narrator, it's easy to doubt his version of reality, especially when the plot begins to track the Scott/Lacey story a little too closely for my taste. Indeed we do catch him in some lies. But even the lies may surprise us. As an extra bonus, Flynn throws in a few parodies of talk show hosts, but since all the current authors seem to be on that particular bandwagon, the device has lost some of its potency.* The emphasis on appearance, and appearances. Nick and Amy, as we are told many many times in different ways, are both several standard deviations above average in looks. Beautiful people can get away with behavior that the rest of us can't, or maybe they can't get away with anything because everyone assumes they're using their attractiveness to manipulate everyone else. This theme is reflected in the focus on appearances: any given situation can be interpreted in a number of contradictory ways. And the first interpretation may be the false one. Or maybe not.As an aside, Amy's riff on women being their true selves rather than their faux "cool" selves was one of the most delectable moments in the book. It could have been omitted from the story without any harm, but it was just plain wonderful.* The ending. Okay, I know that a lot of people hated it. It's not a neatly packaged happily-ever-after denouement, like a made for tv movie.  If you need to have your mysteries resolved Agatha Christie style, you will be dissatisfied. But it's diabolical, it's clever, and it's the gun from act 1 that fires in act 3. There are many ways this book could have ended, and the author took a risk with this one, but if you're reading the book as a psychological thriller rather than as a police procedural, it's perfect.The book itself isn't perfect. There are a few plot deviations that nagged at me as I was reading. They're not material to the story or its outcome, just kind of sloppy. Because by the time I was 100 pages into the book, I knew Amy well enough to expect her to plan everything to the nth degree and was disappointed when she didn't, and I knew Nick well enough to know that he might do something really stupid but that he would at least think about what he was doing while he was doing it. Characters are allowed to surprise us, but they aren't supposed to step out of character.All in all,Gone Girl is a great and gripping way to pass a few hours. But try to pick it up before bedtime or you may not get to sleep until dawn.
Talk about manipulation. This writer manipulates her readers.
I know everyone loves this book, but it really made me mad.  I didn't really love any of the characters to begin with, but as the story built I was became more and more intrigued only to be disappointed with the lame, lame, lame, ending.
This was quite a page turner ... I felt like I was actually hearing them speak to me.  Lots of twists and turns.  I just wasn't sure I was happy with the ending although I understood it.
Gone GirlThis book was just so unrealistic. No one would do what she did in the book. I did not enjoy this book.
I liked the back and forth between the two main characters a lot...seeing into their real selves...and revealing a deceit thoroughly hidden from the world.  I was bit disappointed at the ending, somehow feeling things could have somehow ended up better for the husband...ie somehow kill off the wife, hint hint.
This book held my attention throughout.  I'm not a fan of the back-and-forth storytelling, but in this case it wasn't a bother.  I liked the way they transitioned from lovers to psychotics.  I thought the ending was a little anti-climatic. I would have liked to see them as parents, psychosis and all.  Overall, a very enjoyable read.
I admit that I was not drawn to reading this. I did not like the title or the premise. I'm not a big fan of thrillers in general. And I hate paying almost the same price for an e-version as the hard-cover cost. But I kept getting told by friends whose reading taste I respect that I must read it and so a few days ago I broke down and downloaded it to my iPad. And I could not put it down.If it is nothing it is highly addictive reading. The plot is disturbing...at least to me...and becomes more disturbing right up to its very disturbing end.The author brilliantly weaves an intricate story full of so many twists and turns, you stop trying to figure it out what will happen next. I at once liked and hated both Amy and Nick, right up to the last page. That aside, the author is a wonderful writer with a sharp and clever and yes...page-turning style. Definitely recommended reading.
There were so many twists and turns in the plot of "Gone Girl" that it was difficult to put the book down and get on with my day/evening.  Excellent read!  Greatg story line!  First time I've enjoyed a novel but didn't care for the main characters!
I was surprised by the whole book.  It was difficult to predict each player's next move.  That made it a good read.
Enjoyed this book, could not put it down until toward the end and it was a bit the same and then the end...still not certain it was satisfying.
I thought the book was very compelling I needed to finish it.  Good reading, Even though I didn't care for the ending. You have to be open minded.
Gone Girl is really something, and I rarely praise books to this extent, but in the case of this book, I really wanted to let people know how good it is.  Here is a portrait of a difficult marriage.  Husband Nick and wife Amy are in a tough spot in their lives, having lost writing jobs as a result of the "economic downturn." A move from Manhattan to Carthage, Missouri, changes their relaxed, social dynamic lives into daily struggle.  Though that doesn't sound all that interesting as a plot, trust me, Flynn uses the pressure to put her characters through stress that would cripple a normal person.  Told in alternating viewpoints, I felt compelled to turn the pages, to try to figure out who was telling the truth.  Plotting is exquisite.  Voice is masterful.  Here is a story with no false moves, not an extra word or comma, and blindsides the reader never sees coming.  I really hated for it to end.  This book held my attention the same way The Talented Mr. Ripley did, and I feel secure putting it into that category.  It would (will?) make a great film.  It feels as if it has staying power beyond "good book" into classic.  If you love mysteries, are not all that fond of gore (like me), and you want a riveting story that will keep you surprised and enthralled, read this book.  Now that I've finished it, I plan to read her other two books immediately.  Terrific writer, talented in a way that produces timeless classics.
I would have given this a five if the ending was more satisfying.  I won't spoil it, but............... The story was somewhat repetitive, the characters, however, were well drawn and surprising.  Who is the crazy one and who isn't?  I changed my mind often about this and in the end...........well, read it and find out.  It will hold your interest and pull you back in if you put it down.  Worth reading.
One can see why it has stayed on the top ten in Books in the New York Times. Excellent writing.
I was recommended this book by several friends and it was well worth the read. When u think u have gotten figured out it takes another turn! Great book!
I enjoy a good thriller, and this book goes above and beyond. The twists in this  book are a real head jerker!.If you enjoy a real surprise and shock in your books, then this one is for you.
This book is definitely interesting. I did not expect many of the twists and turns the author takes you on. My problem  is I don't like the characters. I want them both to lose. I like the story but I need a hero and this book does not have one for me.
I did like the premise of this book, and it certainly has some twists...but too many parts just seemed absolutely unbelievable and contrived. I felt like the ending was just rushed as well. It was almost like the author was trying too hard to convince us what the characters were like rather than just letting the reader discover on their own.
*written by the husband*Think about this scenario: I read this book during my lunch hours at work.  Well, today, my lunch hour was about up.  I have 15 pages left.  I don't want to put it down, because I still have no idea how it is going to end, and even though I have to get back to work,  I REALLY, REALLY want to know how it ends.Anyway, I go back to work, and I finished reading it.  Still mesmerized and creeped out.That's the kind of book I want to stand out in my head, the one where I must read it from start to finish, and even toward the end, I haven't been able to come close to predicting what's going on.  This will definitely stay with me for a while.I'll admit it was slow to build on part one.  I didn't really need to know about the Blue Book Boys, and that definitely was too much of a red herring that the author threw out.  It was extremely forgiveable though, once part two of this three-part book kicked off, and I don't count that as any sort of penalty.What works so well is its character development.  The characters ended up being so evil, and yet ironically they were evil in the most likeable ways.  The development of both Nick and Amy are complete, and I felt very much a part of each of their lives as I visit each of their twisted, sick minds.I have already taken a look at Flynn's other works, and I am definitely going to put them on my wish list.  In the meantime, if you like being in suspense, and being creeped out, definitely get this book.
I thought this was an interesting story about two people who are both crazy as loons!  I took this to the beach and enjoyed the plot twists and turns.  This is a book that you will enjoy because it is fast and furious.  One twist becomes clear, and another pops up.
This was recommended to me by Amazon and I was very disappointed in the plot, the characters and the novel as a whole.  No more from that author.
You think you know what is going to happen, then you don't.  The characters were chilling and kept you in suspense. I would recommend this book to everyone.
Don't stop reading.  I got so mad at the people in the book that I stoped reading and started a few times.
Nick is the prime suspect for the murder of his wife Amy, who has disappeared on their fifth anniversary. He is crucified by the press, more for being a cheating husband than for being a killer.  Nick eventually learns that Amy is a manipulative psychopath with a scary history.  Told in alternating chapters by Nick and Amy, the first 200 pages are boring, and readers are advised to skip all of Amy's diary.  In the second half, however, both narratives are important, and the story is very, very good - until the author slips up with a bad ending.  The author's huge plotting mistake is that Desi's mother knows the truth, but she is jettisoned from the story.  Aside from the inclusion of too much diary, smacking of chick-lit, the author's weakness is that most of the characters, including Nick's sister, are cardboard.  I had heard this was a love-it-or-hate-it book, but if half fails, then the entire book fails.  I can only assume that those who put this on their 2012 best-list, did not read Lee Child's The Affair or Mark Allen Smith's The Inquisitor, or a host of 2012 fiction and nonfiction that far surpassed this.
There are quite a few twists and turns in this book and they change the sympathies you have for the characters. This is wrongfoots the reader several times and is skillfully done. I did not care much for the ending. It is not clear what the morals of the author are. Both main characters are very flawed, one a sociopath, the other a ethics free lightweight and the  deserve one another, but the book does not give any kind of catharsis which it really needs.
This book has a d a flash side to it.  If you are looking for a fun read this is not it.  The main female character is not one you can like.  She is veryvindictive and scheming.  Her husband is also hard to like.  Put them both together and you have quite a story.
This is the first book I've read by Gillian Flynn. Did she have a movie contract before she wrote this? Very contrived in places but an entertaining read. I can't say I loved it but it was a fast and compelling read. I hear Ben Affleck is playing Nick. Huh? Nick is supposed to be in his early 30's. Affleck is way too old and not a stupid pretty boy. Plenty of those in Hollywood.
.  It  had a lot of suprising plot twists that made it a real page turner.  I didn&#8217;t particularly care for the ending.
When I started the book, I wasn't sure if I liked it enough to keep reading it.  I especially didn't like Amy's diary.  Too smart, too glib.  But as they say, nothing is as it seems to be.... so just keep reading.  It will engross you.
The two characters had no redeeming qualities and deserved each other. Not worth the time investment.  However, it is clever in the way it is written and presented.
I loved this book in the beginning! It was the kind of book I couldn't put down. I enjoyed the concept of the story being told from 2 points of view. But after I found out the true character of the wife the story began to drag. I was bored by the end.
I really enjoyed reading the book. It was just as close to a page turner as it could get for me. I was even telling hubby about the story as I read it because it has lots of twists and turns.Then...the ending comes and it falls as flat as a pancake.It pretty much ruined the book for me. I can't say it's a book I recommend anymore.
This book has many twists and turns and definitely kept me guessing until the very end. I only gave four stars because of the ending, which was a little disappointing.
when I first started the book it was pretty boring. Iusually quit reading. this one did not get good until 3/4 of the war through.  Then it ended to soon. should have told us what was going on 2 years later
No doubt that this is a very well written book.  With that said, you are going to need a score card and a some patience.  It was a page turner, but I found myself turning the pages back so I could keep from getting lost.  Not the style of writing that I'm used to so I put myself at some fault for not enjoying it as much. Not a bad one to have on the shelf though, entertaining to say the least.
Good read on the Kindle but not one of the best books I have read recently.  The ending was a bit of a let down..
I can't believe I actually finished the book.It dragged most of the time and nothing about the bookwas exciting.  I really disliked Amy and I think Nick wasan idiot for the part he played.
A disappointing read and denouement. I expected more than some Fatal Attraction sophistry. It gets you in  and then it drags and drags on. Then it chicken's out into a "literary" finish. Sad really - how good writers give into University Reconstructive critics from the avant-garde faculty.  They always approve of the type of books that people don't want to read, ie -dense allegory. Yuk
This is a story told from two different viewpoints. If you've read a lot of suspense fiction you think you know what's going to come next. It never does work out the way that you think it will. This is a timely story about a wife that goes missing. It seems ripped from the headlines of today. i expected to see Nancy Grace doing a piece on this. Ah, but there are so many delicious twists in this book. This a a masterful author. I would put this in my top five books that I've read in the last five years.
I'm still recovering from the twists. Who is the devil? Who is the savior? You might figure about every 20% this changes. I now need to get some sleep.. If I can.
After almost a week after finishing this book, I still get chills when I ponder some of the implications of the history of these characters. The device of alternating points of view of the husband and wife is very effective, keeping you off balance as you try to grasp "the truth"...if there is one. The author writes her diary entrys with such detail, we become a part of the story as we accept or reject each character's view of reality. This author is truly a master of psychological suspense.
Gone GirlI didn't know what to make of this book about Nick and Amy and their tumultuous relationship. Her parents  have written Amazing Amy, a story about their daughter that has made them exceedingly rich. This leaves Amy accustomed to the finer things of life, but a woman who was exploited by her parents to gain their wealth.  Amy and her husband Nick move to Missouri  from New York City to live near Nick's sister, Margo (Go) because there's nothing to hold them there. From that point, the story has more twists and turns than you would find in a pretzel factory. Each chapter alternates with Amy and Nick's thoughts on their relationship, creating the plot for the story. It's a good read that kept me curious as to how it was going to end; it didn't end, though-----it just stopped.
This one started out as a love story and developed into a mystery.  Amy and Nick had a story book relationship until Nick loses his job at a magazine (the result of the preference of the Internet over the written word) and then Amy loses her job (although she has a substantial trust fund to fall back on).  With an ailing mother and father, Nick decides to return from NYC to his hometown in Missouri.  The relationship begins to falter in NYC but worsens in Missouri where Amy feels not only out of her element but feels to be the victim of the widening gulf in their relationship.  The story is told in first person by Nick and via diary entries by Amy through the first part of the book.  Part Two of the book takes a turn (I have to say I kind of saw the unexpected twist coming).  The biggest issue I had with this book was that although both characters seemed to be the kind of people everyone would like, ultimately neither had the kind of personalities that would endear them to anyone.  As a result, I stopped caring as to what would happen to either of them as much as I was curious to see where the book would lead.  The only character that I actually started to care about was Margo (Nick's twin sister) who helplessly looked on while trying to support her brother as the mystery unfolded.  I have to think the author wanted to create two characters that were so real that they had the flaws that were depicted.  The ending (some say it was unexpected) was somewhat unfullfilling but it leaves open a possible sequel to see what the future might be.
Almost lost me during the first one third of the novel.  However, I'm glad I hung in there through the ending.  On balance, I think the book is way over-rated.
Every time I think about this book, a particular word comes to mind: visceral. I've read a bunch of negative reviews about this book, but found it to be extremely well-written. It is a captivating whodunit mystery that reaches from the pages and pulls you along by the throat and hair.This review is going to be difficult to write without giving anything away. I will therefore need to be brief and hope that you are intrigued enough to delve into the murky depths of this story. The story is very cleverly told, both from the current-day perspective of husband Nick, who comes home to discover that his wife is missing under suspicious circumstances, and from the perspective of missing wife Amy, her story told in retrospect and providing the background history for her and Nick's relationship, all the while moving forward to the date of her disappearance.As the story unfolds, more and more evidence is unearthed that drives the investigation in different directions. The story reaches a zenith of sorts about halfway through, but maintains a caustic and nerve-wracking climax towards the end of the book.At face value, it's a well-told mystery story, with clever storytelling helping to drive the reader's own perception of events.Audiobook note: I listened to the audiobook, very well-produced and featuring the voice talents of Julia Whelan and Kirby Heyborne, who did a fantastic job of narration. Julia's voicework as the missing Amy is especially noteworthy, providing a level of emotion that is equal in its variation as Kirby's stunned monotone. Monotone may not be the best description of it; the character has a somewhat wooden personality, but Kirby's work gives it life while keeping it subdued.
Flynn does it again!  Girl Gone is far different from her first two novels.  I loved the unique narrative style used by the author.  Flynn is by far, my favorite author of novels in ages.  The reader continues to ponder the book long after reading it.  Flynn's characters are believable.  The reader feels that they personally have known the main characters for years.  The twists and turns make Flynn's book impossible to put down.  The reader becomes sad when they know, by their Kindle that they are 94% through the book, yet cannot wait to know how the story ends.
I was disappointed after seeing multiple good reviews.  The two main characters are distinctly unpleasant and unlikeable, there's too much of the "unreliable narrator" plot device and the story ends up being unbelievable.  I just couldn't see what the attraction was and passed over large sections.  Mystery fans will want to skip this one and wait for a more mature effort by Flynn.
This book was very unusual as a mystery and a thriller.  It took twists and turns that I didn't expect but that I appreciated as being different and creative.  Good plot and character development.  My interest was maintained.  As a matter of fact I had a hard time doing anything else until I finished the book.  I would recommend it for anyone who enjoys a well written mystery/thriller.
My wife told me this was a great book and I waited a long time to read it.  But when I stared it was one of those rare books you just can't put down.  I loved it,
Excellent novel!. When I started to read the book I didn't felt amused about the childish writing style but that was justified by the plot. Then I understood that this wasn't the average Joe book, you could feel the characters, they weren't your iconic-clich&eacute; ones at all, they were three dimensional at many levels, you could feel that the author was exposing herself in many of the casual details. Scary
Interesting...but I didn't like any of the characters much. I would not recommend this book to anyone else in particular.
I even got my husband interested enough I had to wake him at 1:am to tell him the ending!I have to say I have read my whole life I am 71 years young have been reading since I was fiveAnd never stopped except for one year when my husband left me for a woman 30 years younger!This is the best book I ever read in fact it's really something I have to read again and think moreAbout it!It's a winner just waiting for the next book AMAZING !Gillian you are the best what a brilliant mind you have!
Amazing book. Twists & turns that you do not see coming, others that youdo but that are so well written that all you want to do is read this novel.  Forget work, family stuff, just read as fast as you can to see will happen next. It is funny & disturbing. Truly a twisted tale.  A+
I am sorry to report that I did not like this book.  It failed me on many levels.  The biggest being, the first three quarters of the book was a word for word repetition of a recent news story of a pregnant woman who disappeared and whose husband was convicted of the crime.  I'm assuming it would be inappropriate to use their names.  The book then takes a weird twist and goes really off with an unacceptable, illogical ending that left me cold and empty.  All the characters in the book thus far do a complete about face and become someone they are not in the beginning of the story.  It just disappointed and went flat.  I felt like I could have put my time to much better use than to waste on this book.  I certainly wouldn't recommend this book to anyone.
Don't deal well with sociopaths and totally &#34;sick&#34; weirdos with no redeeming qualities.  I will not recommend this best seller.  I just don't get it!
It took 40% on the kindle for me to actually get into the story which to me is a lot of reading before enjoying a book. I did not mind it going back/forth between the two characters telling their side as I find that to be a good technique. Up to that point I did not think the story/book was well written. I felt the book was going nowhere and found it boring. I found that I wanted to begin skimming through the pages. I like to finish books but every once in awhile I give up. I like the storyline to be gripping from the getgo and this book did not do that for me. I almost caved in....but someone said to keep going that it was 'very' good and I did just that. This book received a lot of hype and I was one of those that did not find the book that great. Movies of this nature are called 'Black Comedy.'  If anyone has seen the old movie 'War of Roses'.... this book is very simmilar. One suggestion that I would make is to read a sample of this book online or on your kindle. If you like what you have read....then go for it.
I have not had time to read it yet.  I hope this book will be all that I'm hoping for.
I thought the book was pretty interesting throughout the whole thing until the end... I hated how it ended! It seemed ;) e it just stopped with no closure.
A good page turner with lots of twist and surprises. The tension and interest was maintained through the book and the surprises kept coming, right to the end. A compelling and well written read. I can just see this being made into a movie.
So many twists and turns.  Every time I thought I figured things out, I was wrong.  The author had to keep great notes to tie so many things together .
I love her writing style so much I have decided to read her other books as well.  It is descriptive, yet flows. I couldn't put Gone Girl down!
This book is written in three parts.  That's not a spoiler.Part one is dark and makes use of the unreliable narrator to great effect, leaving the reader guessing as to the motives and even accounts that the characters give, despite the first person structure.  Part one kept me up through the night turning pages.  It's amazing.Part two introduces a twist which I cannot elaborate on because it's a spoiler.  The problem with the twist is that it takes all the interest out of several secondary characters who, until then, were interesting only because you didn't know the twist.  Once you learn it, the secondary characters become drab window dressing on a conflict that has lost a lot of mystery.  The second part becomes more thriller than mystery, then it starts to drag because I stopped caring about the secondary characters:  Most of the action in part two is about the main plot, but most of the TEXT in part two is about the secondary characters' mostly-irrelevant actions.Part three is bizarre and hard to believe.  I would go as far as to recommend you stop after part two, imagine a few different endings, and then read part three.  The endings you can imagine would be dark and tragic or tense but triumphant; and nothing at all like what's actually written!  The real ending will surprise you.  In this case, that's not a good thing.  It's surprisingly unbelievable, and a little bit silly.  It's jarring comparing the weird and almost flippant part three with the somber and gritty part one.
Yes.  The ending was abrupt but, really, isn't that how it should be.  Completely engrossing.  Fascinating.  Written like a runaway train and just as thrilling.  Made you believe the unbelievable and sad when it came to the end.  Worth re-reading.
Amy Dunne disappears on the morning of her fifth anniversary of her marriage to Nick Dunne.  He is immediately suspected by the police and Nick begins to learn things about his wife from friends he didn't know she had and struggles to prove his innocence.  What follows is a chronicle by both Nick and Amy of their relationship from their first meeting up to the present, as well as the search to discover what happened to Amy.It is a very rare thing for me to enjoy a book when I don't like most of the characters.  I must credit the author for being able to engage me emotionally and keep me glued to a story where so many of the people are just distasteful.  I also bounced back and forth as to what happened to Amy, transferring allegiance to her, then Nick, then back to her....well, you get the picture. In the end, I struggled to define which I disliked the most.This is a story of two very complicated people, their marriage and relationships with others and how it shaped their own marital relationship.  Some will find the ending unsatisfying but for me, it was the only one that would ever make sense.  I'd describe this as a contemporary fiction with a mystery so as to not mislead one into thinking it's all about the disappearance of Amy.  That's important but there is so much more to the story.  I guarantee you won't be ambivalent about this book when you're done.
Great twists. Diabolical to the end. Very well written and shows how maddening  a marriage can be if you really care.
Couldn't put this down!  The plot has so many turns you can't figure it out and is a surprise past the end!
Can't put it down.  Twists and turns you wouldn't expect.  Highly recommend for great entertaining reading.  I haven't finished it yet and can't figure out where it's going to go next.
Absolutely loved this from the moment The Sure Thing reference appears (product of my generation). The writing is assured, the he-said she-said device excellently executed and the story compelling. The protagonist is definitely one of the creepiest I have encountered in a long time.
Flynn writes well, defining characters and creating a very good plot that keeps you wondering what comes next. No to crazy about the ending; see if you like it, you'll have a good time on the road. I'm going to try her first book next. She's definitely worth looking at further.
Well, I did it again...I'm thoroughly enjoying this book and then out of curiosity, I read some of the reviews.  Sad to read that the ending disappoints...I'll keep on reading but now I don't look forward to a resolution of the mystery.  I shouldn't read these reviews.  But who knows?  Maybe I'll disagree with these writers...must keep an open mind.
Excellent thriller. I read it in only 3 days! Could not put it down. Very well resolved at the end. 100% recommended!
I have to say this book had me riveted by the end. Really had no idea how this was going to end. It had a very slow start. I was put off by the chapters going from one character to the other. Especially because the two characters were speaking in  different time frames. My husband tried to read this and could not get through it. Once you get past those obstscles, I enjoyed the book.
"But I know I'll never sleep again. I can't close my eyes when I'm next to her. It's like sleeping with a spider." - Nick Dunne"Isn't that what every marriage is, anyway? Just a lengthy game of he-said, she-said?" - Amy Elliott DunneGONE GIRL by Gillian is a deliciously unnerving novel of a marriage gone badly askew.The plot begins "the day of" as bar owner Nick Dunne discovers his wife has disappeared when, after being telephoned by a neighbor that his home's front door is open and Bleecker the cat is sitting on the front porch, he returns to find wife Amy gone. There are signs of a struggle in the living room. Thus begins Nick's half of the first-person narrative.Alternating with segments of Nick's tale are entries from Amy's diary beginning seven years previous in 2005.The two timelines eventually merge.The first half of GONE GIRL is a riveting Who-Dunne-It. Then, that question answered, the last half is a fascinating exercise in subdued dread - perhaps that same disbelieving unease felt when, purely by chance, you notice a cold and calculating look directed your way by the spouse when he/she is slicing a piece of raw meat with a razor-sharp knife. You thought you knew him/her so well. And maybe he/she knows you too well.What makes GONE GIRL so good, besides the ingeniously rendered intrigue, is the fact that it's not so farfetched. After all, who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men ... and women. As you consider your wife or husband, can you be certain of your continuing safety in the presumed sanctuary of the home you've made together? Is the Trojan Horse the Beamer he/she drives into the garage at night?
Wow. I didn't intend to read Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl when I did. Two other books sat on the top of the reading pile, begging for a thorough read, the Amazon reader review thing, and so on. But one dark day, I needed a book with an edge to it, and having peeked at a sample page of Gone Girl already, I knew where to find that edge.Gone Girl is the story of Nick and Amy, a seemingly perfect couple to anyone looking in from the outside. But at the start of the book, on the couple's fifth anniversary, when Nick comes home to a ransacked living room and a missing wife, the marriage has already deteriorated to a far from perfect state. Talk about your love hate relationship. Nick and Amy have one in spades at this point - mostly hate, but with love so excruciatingly painted around the edges you can't imagine a better combination.Nick's clumsy handling of himself during the police investigation and an accumulating, increasingly-damning pile of evidence soon point the finger at him as the murderer. We, the readers, don't know whether he is one or not, even though we've been reading most passages from his first person point of view.So is he or isn't he? I won't spoil it. Let me instead touch on two compelling aspects of this novel. First, Gillian's voice is one that many writers would kill for (bad pun, I know). Through the first half of the book she alternates her passages from Nick's point of view (written in a Jess Walter voice, and you never think for one second that hmmm this is a woman trying to write from a man's POV), and Amy's point of view as found in diary entries written before the climactic murder or abduction or whatever actually happened (because I still refuse to tell). Amy's voice is much different than Nick's and I love that. She's brilliant and has a fascinating perceptiveness about each of those many people who just can't help but revolve around her irresistible gravitational force.The other can't-put-it-down aspect of this novel is the quick pacing both before and after a sudden switch in plot halfway through. By that point, as a reader, you think you know the whole story and how it will all end, and you can't imagine what the second half of the book will be for.  Why isn't this a novella? What's coming next?What's coming next is motive, and true circumstances, plans going awry, plans being reshaped, and a remarkable elevation of compromise to an art form.I loved this book.Joe
As a guy who buys on line for other people that are to lazy to do it; this is the book most often purchased by lady's; my wife loves it.
Gillian Flynn's "Gone Girl" is a crazy-nuts crime novel centering around the world's worst marriage and the mysterious disappearance of the wife in the story.  An absorbing premise (Where's the wife? Did the husband kill her?), terrific second and third act twists, and the first completely successful use of the "unreliable narrator" device I've seen in ages (in other words, it's not frustrating when we eventually learn it was used in a sizable portion of the narrative) are only a few of the great things about the book.So, yeah, if you're looking for a bracing reading experience, one that works as both a straight-up, engrossing crime novel and a sly commentary on the pettiness and malice that can creep into even the best marriages on occasion, don't hesitate to pick up this sharp, scary, and often blackly funny thriller.By the way, I actually listened to the audiobook version of the book, and the two narrators- Kirby Heyborne and Julia Whelan- are wonderful, making the most of the great material at their disposal.  But I'm confident "Gone Girl" is just as much fun to read yourself, if that's your preference.  In any event, I'm now off to track down the small handful of other Gillian Flynn titles out there.
This is a really great book for this genre.  I don't want to give anything away (lots of other reviewers do this), but what I found compelling about this book was the author's ability to switch voices throughout the novel.  And not just the switch from husband to wife, either, but rather the changes that take places as the narrative evolves.  Great story, really well-written, with lots of interesting twists and surprises.
I picked up Gone Girl based on an odd coincidence - two unrelated people on my Twitter feed both raving about it within hours of each other - and it's a coincidence that I'm deeply glad for, because otherwise I might have missed out on this twisted, surprisingly, gleefully dark thriller. Gone Girl starts off simply enough: it's Nick Dunne's fifth wedding anniversary, but his wife Amy has disappeared. There are signs of a struggle in his living room, but otherwise - nothing. In alternating chapters, we see Nick struggling to find out the truth and Amy's diary detailing the idyllic early days of their relationship...but cracks start to show, and soon. And as the media starts to turn on Nick, we start to question whether Nick is as good as we think he is...but it's not long before Flynn starts to pull the rug out from under the reader again and again, until we're forced to question just about every single aspect of the book we've read so far. This is my first exposure to Gillian Flynn, but it won't be the last; even if we were only talking about the plot, I'd have to rank Gone Girl as one of the most involving and gripping thrillers I've read in years - I absolutely could not put it down, and found myself reading it every time I sat even for a moment. But more than that, there's Flynn's great writing, which allows her to create both Nick and Amy as complex characters based on nothing more than their own narration and discussion - characters that can still surprise you greatly in ways that I wouldn't dream of revealing. Gone Girl plays out brilliantly, all the way to an ending that seems to have really upset some people, and that baffles me; to me, the ending is a brilliantly dark punchline to the novel, a pitch-black immersion into the darkness that's prevalent in every page of the book anyway. (In fact, for my money, the ending elevates it from a good thriller to a brilliant one.) I've come across one person already comparing Flynn to the legendary Patricia Highsmith, and it's a great comparison; both seem to have a knack for understanding how people work, both have created absolutely legendary sociopathic villains (and, oh, is there ever a stunning villain lurking somewhere in Gone Girl), and both were willing to follow their characters to the absolute heart of darkness if it felt right. Consider me a fan already - I plan on reading Flynn's two earlier books as soon as I possibly can, but even if they don't live up to Gone Girl, I've still gotten one absolutely astonishing thriller out of this experience.
From the beginning I knew I would be hooked and I was right. This is one of those that keeps you wondering about what is going to happen next. There were minor annoyances throughout along with stuff that was really unnecessary but still a very good book until just about the very last minute. I hated the way the book ended and apparently others did as well based on reviews.Very hard to say much without giving away too much. Let's just say the book starts on Nick and Amy's fifth year anniversary when he receives a phone call to only find out there has been a struggle at his home and his wife has gone missing. The story picks up from there with many twists throughout. Still, it's a very good read and I know many will enjoy it.
It took me quite a while to figure out that this book was going to eventually show both sides of the affected marriage.  Interesting concept in that it shows how differently men look at the same things that are viewed by their female partner.  Didn't much care for the ending of the story as I thought it impossible after what the parties to the marriage had been through.
I kept seeing this book advertised everywhere so I finally picked it up. It was a nice read. I really liked the POV changes with each chapter (as well as the diary entries). The surprising twist about the narrator was very cool but it got a bit tedious toward the end. I would recommend it for an entertaining read. It's one for the book clubs.
Gone Girl, was a big dissapointment...it was annoying to know every little thought through the diary and the husband's point of view.  I am not sure I would read another book by this author.  It was way too predictable and I hated the ending.  I was really looking forward to his revenge and it abruptly ended and I was like, what, it is over??????? Very stupid IMHO.  At the end I wanted to put down my Kindle and not pick it up for awhile as I was so disappointed.
Let's see... (this could be a bit spoilery)I hated all of the characters.I hated what happened in the story.I hated what happened at the end.Great book!Seriously, it was certainly different to read a book with no heroes and no happy endings... and really you don't even wish for a winner.  Does it make it a bad book?  No way!  It was a great, albeit stressful read.  LOL!
Downloaded this to my Kindle less than a week ago, and finished it today! Such fun to read! The story is delivered from the voices of the two main characters, Nick, the husband, and Amy, the wife. A woman, Amy, is missing. Where is she? The clues  seem to lead to murder, and who is the prime suspect? Nick, of course. Where's the body? Nick writes from the day his wife disappears claims innocence. We read Amy's diary which starts with the beginning of her relationship with Nick. A true love match. The reader gets hooked and that why it is so difficult to put the book down. It is best not say much about the book. You need to read it and have the fun of following this convoluted relationship and the mystery yourself. I don't think you will be disappointed. Love books that take place in the immediate present.
There are must better books to read, don't waste your time on this one. Can't understand why it has been on best sell list for so long. I was taken it by all the reviews, and deceided to read it, ended up skipping most. Perhaps just not my kind of book. I want to like the characters.  For me there are many much better books and too little time to spend on this one.
I was really excited to read this, after all the good press I read. I bought all 3 of her novels at one go, and read this first. While it was enjoyable and well-written, I felt that it lacked real thrill. Flynn tries to go deep into the psyches of the main characters, building up the story, but the ending feels flat. I guessed the first twist about 20 pages in ('Double Jeopardy,' anyone?) and waited for a bigger one, which didn't really come. Nonetheless, it was an enjoyable story to read, though the other characters (Desi, police officers, Margo) could have been made more 3-dimensional. I think this would translate well into a movie, in a skilled director's hands, as the audience can be kept guessing as to the real natures of Nick, Amy and their relationship.
This was a dumb book with way too much profanity for no apparent reason.  I would not recommend it to anyone.
At first I enjoyed the individual chapters explaining each partners thoughts.  At its conclusion, it was awful.  How two sick individuals were going to raise a child; and her parents were equally as sick in how they raised their daughter.
Excellent read except for weak ending.  I'm also so sick of over use of F-word for some kind of emphasis which eludes me....very 7th grade.
Kept reading and reading and hoping something great was coming but not surprised at all and the whole book was very boring for me.  My neighbor encouraged me to read it as she loved it so everyone has different opinions I'm sure but I did not enjoy any part of it.
A truly &#34;can't put it down book&#34;.  I purchased another of Mr. Flynn's book and will start it when I can devote the time to it.  All else stops because you can't wait to see what happens next.
Just because a book doesn't end the way we want it to, that doesn't make it a bad book, or a bad ending.  I love the writing style of Gillian Flynn, and thought this was one of the more interesting books I've read in recent months.  It's not what you start out thinking it might be, which is great.  And let's face it - not every story has to have characters who are inherently good.  You don't have to have someone to cheer for or champion in order to enjoy the story.  Just go with it - it's a fun ride beginning to end.
After reading several of the "rave" reviews of this book and noticing that it was on different best seller's lists for a long time, I decided I needed to read it.  I like mysteries and have read several recently.  I had read and enjoyed, "Defending Jacob".  I had seen that "Gone Girl" had been compared to "Defending Jacob" so that solidified my decision to read it.  Once I got into it, I realized that I didn't like any of the characters and didn't really care what happened to them.  I'm not a prude, but I didn't care for the fact that the "f" word was used in nearly every sentence.  Amazing since the author's vocabulary included words that I didn't find in my little paperback dictionary, but yet didn't seem to find a word or words that could be used in place of profanity.  Even though I felt that I was wasting my time reading this book when I could have been reading something more entertaining or redeeming, I needed to finish it to find out what happens and how it ends.  The ending was more disappointing that the events throughout the book.  I can't believe it took over 400 pages to get there.  I usually pass on my books to friends or family to read, but this one will be going into the book fair box, or in the trash can.
Gone Girl is well written with an unusual plot line.  I found it held my attention.  Except for occasional repititions and perhaps too many characters to sort out it deserves a four star rating.  Well worth the time. - Joyce McDonald, author of The Benediction.
The author Gillian Flynn tells this dark story by alternating first-person accounts from Amy and Nick, the couple whose marital bliss is unraveling. What you'll find within their sides of the story will astound readers who will roll over, look at their mate and wonder &#34;Who are you, really?&#34;To be honest, I don't know why it's on the best sellers list for so long. I kept reading and reading hoping something was going to happen that would seal the deal. I finished the book but really wondered why I kept reading...
Couldn't put my Kindle down until I finished the book. Thank goodness for Amazon. It's so easy since you don't have to go to the library or leave the house.
While it started out fairly slow, I got where I couldn't put it down.  Very unusual perspective and story plot.
i DIDN'T LIKE THE BOOK AND FOUND IT BORING.  tHE STORY DIDN'T MAKE MUCH SENSE TO ME.  i WAS GLAD TO PUT IT DOWN WHEN i FINISHED IT.
I really liked the book until the ending.  I hated the ending.  This is the first I've read from this author.  I'll give her another chance to redeem herself with the next book.
When I was reading others reviews before purchasing the book, many people felt dissatisfied with the ending. After reading the whole book, I felt that the ending was just perfect. As to the book generally, it was a really good psychological thriller. I really enjoyed reading it.
A lot of pages...too, too much plot...not all in the believable column. I wanted to scream 'OK,OK, I get it,let's move on.'Well, it moved on finally but interminably. It started off great but wound down with 'scrambled egg' consistency.And, the worst of all was the ending that was not an ending but just a few words left over I suppose. Well, no book to me is a waste of time even if it shows you how not to construct a goood read.Sorry, but with her talent, this author can do much better.
I didn't see that coming!  You will never guess what's going to happen next and when it does you won't believe it.
A marriage unfolds as each partner tells his/her side of the story and the reader sees the shortcomings of both partners.  Then -- I can't say any more.  You must experience it for yourself.  I can only say, I wanted more...in a good way.
This was a page turner.  I kept pulling for the guy and she just kept switching the game! Highly recommend!
I have read almost half and still can't get really into it.  almost have to force myself to read on.  is it worth it???Since I wrote this review, I decided to keep reading. By the time I was about 60 percent through the book, it became interesting. Ended  up reading  the rest of the book in one sitting.  The last part of the book should get 4 stars. You just have to hang in there for the very slow first half.
I absolutely loved this book! True page turner that I could put down. It's full of suspense and the ending is unbelievable
You start to think you have it all figured out and then out of the blue the plot changes course!
Interesting book but not as well written as I'd hoped. Definitely suspenseful, though, enough for me to want to read the other books.
I started reading the book; and, after about 1\3 through, I quit reading in disgust.  I found the characters and the story lacking any redeeming value.  Recently, I read a review that intrigued me into returning to the story.  I'm so very glad I did.  I started at the beginning and did not want to put it down until the end.  Nearly everything, from the characters to the story line engaged my interest and educated me to be suspect of everyone and everything.
I usually like Flynn's books, this one was not up to par. I found it boring and slow moving. It seemed to lack the usual flare.
OMG  this book was a wild ride.  Don't want to spoil BUT you gotta read this book.  Gonna read the other Gillian Flynn books.
I enjoyed the book.  Good story, liked flipping between the main characters' viewpoints.  You can kind of guess where the story is going but still thought it was good and was curious how it would resolve at the end.  It really doesn't.  Very disappointing.  I can think of a dozen different endings but apparently the author couldn't (or wouldn't).  I expected an epilogue or something.
Took a little bit to get into but then was explosive......on the dark side so get ready for a mind boggling ride.
An  original story line....that said....it was weird.  I  read  the whole book hoping for an optimistic outcome.....but didn't get it.
Worst book I have EVER read, too bad I can't give it negative stars. It is NOT suspenseful(maybe for a minute.) The plot twist was a joke, I think I feel asleep reading it a couple of times. The main characters are boring and predictable.
You must read this novel.  Be prepared - you will not be able to stop  reading. There are so many twists and  turns in this novel. I am  just in awe of how when it seems you've figured everything out things change. I devoured every page! This is absolutely the best novel I have read this year.
If people had told me that this was a &#34;guitly pleasure&#34; book or &#34;trashy&#34; or something, maybe I'd understand its appeal. However, everyone said &#34;good&#34;. Everyone told me it was a &#34;good&#34; book. To me, that means it has quality and value. This book was so bad and so trashy and so stupid, its popularity is making me question humanity's capacity to distinguish between good and bad. I hated myself for finishing. Yes, as many reviewers said, the ending sucked. But, really, the whole thing was sucky. The first half was less sucky than the second. But the extreme suckiness of the second half tainted the first, making its overall suckiness considerable.
Wow, this book really sucked me in after the first 20 or so pages.  Brilliantly written in two character's voices from their perspective.  This book kept me guessing and coming back for more to see the result at the end.
I read this on the recommendation of a friend.  Unfortunately, I found this book &#34;interesting&#34;  but, disappointingly  predictable.  I found myself constantly guessing what would happen 20 pages before it did.  Not a very sophisticated read, more of a beach book (which I'm not a fan of).
I found this book to be so frustrating; I hung in there in hopes of it coming together into something that makes sense.  Nope.  The ending was less exciting than a match being dumped in water.  It was, however, a great cure for insomnia.
Once you get past the first chapter or 2 you will be hooked. This book is twisted and disturbing and I could NOT put it down. Do yourself a favor and read it before the movie comes out!
This book was nuts. I'm going to do my best to discuss it without spoilers."Amy didn't care to know my family, didn't want to know my birthplace, and yet for some reason, I thought moving home would be a good idea."This was the point at which I knew things were amiss. What sort of spouse doesn't want to know about your family, your background? All was obviously not how it seemed in Nick and Amy's marriage. But who, if anyone, was telling the truth?The book is very well constructed, so much so that you can completely buy into the improbable circumstances. Because I was late to this particular party, I knew there was a giant twist. So when it came, I wasn't surprised by its existence, but neither was I surprised by its content. I didn't guess it, exactly, but it made sense to me. It almost had to be that way, in order for the story to continue.Don't expect to be able to root for either Nick or Amy. One's evil, the other's a weak whiner, and they're probably both sociopaths. And that's perfectly alright with me.There are actions and reactions in the final act of the book that didn't make a lot of sense to me, and were actually somewhat disappointing. That's why I have to dock it a star. But if you like dark psychological thrillers, with characters you can't quite like, then Gillian Flynn is definitely your girl.
Don't think I would read this author again?  Language was unnecessary in my opinion.  Story jumped around too much.  End.
Flynn's development of unlikeable but relatable characters is unnerving.  While the pace trips at times, one reads on for continued twists and the final blow on the last page.  Flynn's work is original and sharp and provides for a spirited book club discussion.
I love the characters and the story.  When I got to the end, I had to do a double take, hoping there was one more chapter.  Great book.
Let me state upfront that I think the characters were pretty one-dimensional.  Amy is the career girl who couldn't quite have it all.  Nick is the relatively weak (lame) thirty-something.  Go is the mysterious somewhat down-to-earth girl.  And then there are the Ozark meth heads and the celebrity lawyer named Tanner.  There isn't much special about any of them.What makes the story special, however, is Flynn's expert ability to play these relatively cliched characters off each other while laying clues that lead evolve in a terrific plot.  The pacing is terrific, and the action slowly builds and then veers off -- several times -- in new and startling directions.  It is amazing to witness Flynn pull this off.I understand why some were angry about the ending.  However, I will state (without giving anything away) that this ending felt more believable than some of the more outlandish endings in many current crime/literary thrillers.  This is a book worth reading.
I just finished this book after not being able to put it down, and reading over half of it one overnight this week.  I agree with the reviewers who say this book becomes a priority, a matter of urgence to find out what happened.  I think this is a masterpiece, a fun read, a gripping read, a thriller, but not a thriller you forget about the next day.  This one is simmering in my brain and actually changing my own behavior.  I also don't want to give too much away, but to me this is more a psychological thriller than anything else, about marriage and relationships.  It's really about something.  It's kind of an object lesson wrapped in a story line, and says something extremely profound about how we treat the ones we love, and how we come to take each other for granted, and how we sometimes don't want others to know the "real" us, or punish people for getting too close and seeing our faults.  I'm struggling a bit with the ending as well, but I've come to believe that it's a perfect ending (or as perfect as a story like this will be able to have), because there really is no ending in real life, much of the time.  It's a razor-sharp ending, requiring the story and us to stay on guard.  Which I believe is appropriate for these characters and this story.  And what it says about the characters' future, and ours, is very chilling.  But also hopeful.  Again, trying not to insert spoilers but: we can reinvent ourselves, we can treat people differently.  We don't have to be on auto-pilot.  We can be who we want to be.  And, sometimes when we are pretending we are more real than we realize.  Very fundamental themes.  This is the best book I've read since Time Traveler's Wife which is the best book I ever read.  So I have high praise for the book and intend to read Ms. Flynn's other books now.  (I should mention that I'm a long-time reader of Entertainment Weekly and read its promotions of the book, but decided not to read the review or interview with the author, until after I read the actual book.  I didn't remember/realize that Ms. Flynn used to write for Entertainment Weekly or remember that I used to like her writing in that publication, until I read the review last night.  I'm so excited for her that she's soaring like this and can't wait to read what she writes next. - but I can't imagine she could possibly top this book though, for me, at least in terms of the themes she has explored.)
This is my first Gillian Flynn book. The book easily held my interest and I liked the style in that each chapter came from one of the main characters. That was very original to me. The sublot and other characters in the book were realistic, and added humor. This would have been 1 of the most fascinating books of the year EXCEPT the ending. Wow. For an author who spent so much time on both the husband and wife, the ending makes NO SENSE. It was like she just had to end the book due to timing or simply had no end in her thought process. Again, it is worth reading, holds your interest but this had one of the worst endings I have ever read and did not match the quality of the rest of the book.
I read this book on a trip, and relayed the story to my husband as each chapter unfolded.  He was as enthralled as I was, and kept asking what's happening now?
From good to bad to worse to unthinkable is what happens to one relationship that seems to be, truly, from hell. Very witty premise and sparkling writing.  Try to put it down - won't happen.
I really enjoyed reading this book and would look forward to the next time I could hop in bed and get back to reading some more.  I don't want to say anymore because I don't want to ruin any surprises!
The book was great but, I was disappointed by the ending.  There where other ways it could have ended to make it a better story.
I had the audio version of this book (which is read really well, by the way). I won't put in any spoilers, but the story did not support the ending. My wife and I listened to most of this travelling on vacation. The trip ran out before the book did so I stayed up late and finished it. We played the final chapters the next time we travelled so my wife could finish, too. Hearing the end for a second time didn't help but I could see the attempt the author made to work in supporting details to make the final outcome more plausible. Unfortunately it wasn't enough. We were both disappointed. My wife said, "That's it? It's over? Why didn't you just tell me?"
This is a story that will hook you and keep you reading and just when you think you have it all figured out, it takes a turn. Very well written and great characters.
Hated this book.  Did not like the characters in the book and don't know why I read it all the way to the end.  It was recommended to me by someone who really liked it, but I didn't find it either interesting or worthwhile to read.  A friend of mine was reading it at the time that I was and she hated it too and wondered why she finished the book.
You will not be able to put this down. Amazing twists,and turns that spur unexpected results and an ending I didn't see coming. Genius.
Yes, this author can write. Yes, the plot is a clever string-along. Yes, the characters have voices. The problem I find with this highly recommended (and for me, that made it even more disappointing)bit of fluff is that I kept asking myself, "So what?" Are we supposed to care about these people? I don't mind unlikeable characters if there is a reason they are so inherently unlikeable. What are we supposed to learn from their inherently unlikeable selves? These characters are merely superficial, glittery on-the-surface, self-important by virtue of having lived in NYC, too-old-to-be adolescents who have never reached emotional maturity. Oh sure, there are the weirdly exclusive psychologist parents on the one hand and the rageful, domineering father on the other by way of explanation; but both Amy and Nick are just plain shallow -- snarky, clever with words, and lacking in anything substantial that makes them interesting human beings. If that's the author's point (and it might be) -- she may be attempting to paint a lost generation, fooled by the initial glamour of high paying jobs and city sparkle into believing that they were really living lives, and then hit squarely on the head by the country's economic woes -- she misses the mark. What might have been a generational commentary gets lost in its own cleverness. It becomes a mirror for the writer's own self-conscious display of word power -- as if she's looking in a mirror and admiring herself aloud. For readers who find delight in plot, this book might be acceptable -- it does offer a twist and a surprise, although I found the plot to be stumble along rather than unwind deliciously. For readers who value an author's writing ability, this book might promise and tantalize for the first 20 pages or so, but its ultimate lack of substance will ultimately disappoint. Words get tiring without substance.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn was riveting.  Found myself being drawn into the psychology of the intimate drama that was unfolding in each chapter.  Was continually startled by the evolution of each character and I think I was hoping for a clear path and was taken aback how the ending evolved.
I liked this thriller! I did not like the ending, but it was a great book. I did not want it to end!
It kept me wanting to keep on reading. But the outcome was frustrating for me. But it brings a different twist.
The book started out very good but dragged on forever.  The ending left me very disappointed.  In the end the husband looked like an idiot.
think sleeping with the enemy meets fatal attraction. great characters great prose great writing and real shockers a read that gets you hooked instantly and you will not be able to put down
I was disappointed with this book.  It did not meet my expectations.  There was so much hype about t, I thought it did not meet the hype.
I have to admit, I read every word.  I just kept hoping it would get better or, at least lead to a great climax and then an amazing end.  It never did either.
Not sure what all the rave reviews were about for this novel, as it was torture getting through it. (I listed via audio) and it was so long and drawn out. No story or structure, just hours of psycho crazy babble from this miserable couple (another sleeping with enemy except it was the man with the crazy woman). Some parts were funny; however, mostly cursing and complaining and crazy thoughts of how to torture someone. It would take someone kinda nuts to even write this. Guess this is not my kind of book; however, since I heard so many reviews about it wanted to get through it. Would not recommend and doubt I will read any of her other books. There are many great books out there, so why waste your time hearing about crazy thoughts of a man and woman which are both nuts. Hated the ending as well. I prefer a real novel.
Total unexpected twists and turns in the plot.  I never knew where it was going until the very exciting end.
I was upset that I wasted. . time reading about such twisted characters.  I thought the writing was poor and I didn't like the format.Also the writer set you up for her next book by leaving the book without an ending.  Even with that , I would never read her next book
There were so many glowing reviews of Gone Girl that I was really engaged when I began reading.  Told from an unusual perspective of first person in the alternating viewpoints of the husband and wife, it was interesting to get a peek at the beginning of this relationship.The first few chapters zipped along and then started a subtle shift.  The wife has gone missing and every outside indication is that the husband has killed her.But that couldn't be true because we are in his viewpoint and he's as puzzled as we are.  So we trust the first person device and move on to see what really happened.As secrets from their marriage are revealed, we start to lose faith in our hero and soon don't like him much.  But just when we almost decide he's guilty--the wife starts to reveal some nasty secrets of her own.  And back and forth it goes as we learn neither was anywhere near the kind of person they revealed in first person narrative, until after a while, I just don't care what happens to either of them.  He's selfish and lazy, she is psychotic and narcisstic.  The perfect couple.But the book goes on.  And on.  Ultimately, they are reunited in a new kind of hell; one of the gets away with murder and their future together is assured--if horrifying.  The lack of consequence for the actions taken by this person and the fact that the other will be saddled in marriage with a killer leaves me very unsettled.  And feeling kind of like I need a bath.
If you like to relate to the main character, feel sad when something terrible happens, feel happy when something wonderful happens, and most of all hate to put the book down, this book is not for you. I did not care about the characters and there were no surprises right down to the last page.  I am sorry I purchased it and even sorrier I finished it.
Although this book caught my attention from the first chapter, and held it throughout, until the end, I cannot rate it more than 3 stars.  The ending seemed dashed off and was very unsatisfying after being intriguing and well-written until that point.  What a disappointment after tearing happily through the book anticipating and wondering what could possibly happen next.
This is an edge of your seat thriller with all the trappings of a Tom Wolfe novel.You are always guessing at what the antagonist is going to do next. Gillian Flynnpinpoints actions and emotions in a micro-brewery instead of a back alley bar inthis story. Superb at 4.5.
The characters were interesting at first, but they became more unlikeable and self-absorbed as the novel proceeded.The ending was expected and yet, disappointing.
Wow, what to say.  Incredibly written with very clever twists and turn.  It will keep you up at night reading it.  Get it!
I didn't like this book at all.  It started off interesting...first couple of chapters brought me into it....then it was down hill from there.  I found both characters just dumb and immature.  Why did they marry at all?  The story wasn't what I expected it to be.  I saw this story as nothing more than 2 dumb, young people married to each other---playing games.  A waste of my time!
Filthy verbiage!  Story would have been okay without the filth!  I am definitely not a prude but this was too much!
Well written as a mystery, however too much detail at the beginning.  My husband could only read 100 pages and quit.When I saw it was on the best seller list and only 3 stars I knew it had to be the ending.  Authors have the biggest problemclosing a story.  It kept me reading - did a lot of skimming at the beginning.  It was our book club selection and it surebrought out a lot of good discussion.  Consensus is there is probably going to be  another book.
Gone Girl is one of the most masterful renderings of day to day thoughts, feeling and actions.  Some psychotic, some not.  What a ride!  You MUST read this.
I enjoyed the book.  It left you hanging for quite a while.  Shame people really live in this psychotic relationship but they do.
I kept reading hoping it would get better but this is not my kind of book. I felt I had to finish it  It was just creepy. I didn't like either character. I will not be reading any more by this author. Anyone who could think this up is sick.
While it was slow to start, the story picked up in the middle and kept you guessing until the end. The format of the narrative keeps you thinking and wanting to reading to the next episode. A worthwhile read
Far too long and not even remotely believeable. I don't at all see what the hype is. I don't recommend it.
I tried to get interested in it, but, good grief!  What an odd concept.  They are all more than a little off balance.  It was not a satisfactory ending.
I would only recommend this book to people who liked the movie War of the Roses.  Obviously not my kind of movie, definitley not my kind of book .I wished I had read the one and two star reviews before I purchased this book.
I was very disappointed in this book  The characters were poorly developed and lacked depth.  I made the mistake of only reading the positive reviews.  this book was shallow and unconvincing
This book was so suspenseful. Loved the way the author had each chapter go from his story to hers. The ending was not expected. Truly one of my favorite books. I only hope the movie is as good.
The reader really doesn't know who to like in this story.  The characters are really not likeable people and the ending really leaves you unsatisfied.  You hope that the good guy succeeds, but it doesn't seem like there will be any guarantee of that.
WOW.  This book was incredible.  It held me hostage because I could hardly put it down.  Really captivating.  This author is a very talented writer.
The twist and turns are very captivating. I didn't want to put the book down. The end is disappointing and seems to drop off. It almost feel like the book had to end and that was the easiest ending. On the other hand, it could be an opening for a follow up book.
I am sorry I spent several hours in the world of this book. Immediately after I finished it felt as though I had been in a cesspool.  It pains me to give it 3 stars but I did finish Gone Girl - was kept reading - maybe because I had spent $12.99 for an ebook.  (Spoiler Alert) The characters are repulsive: he because he is so stupid and vapid and she because she is so successfully vicious.  The ending is tragic because the reader can foresee the dark, twisted future that awaits an innocent.  The only good news is that a day later the whole experience of this read is fading fast.
Enjoyed from beginning to end,  So many twists and turns and always had m we guessing. I look forward to reading more of Gillian Flynn.
Another great novel by Gillian Flynn. Interesting characters and plot.  I have read both Sharp Objects and Dark Places and enjoyed them immensely.  Hopefully Gillian Flynn will have another novel soon. Love her stories and the psychological twists.
A little hard to follow but stay with it.  You really learn your characters before you get into the meat of th story, so you are strung along with those in the book.
Having waited months to get the chance to read a library copy of this mystery, I was excited to finally get down to the business of doing so. Right from the start, I thought that the writing was really good due to the story's beyond-just-decent similes and fast-paced plot. My only issue, early on, was the many, unnecessary, crude sex references. Unfortunately, it wasn't long before everything, especially the unraveling, began to really unravel. I felt compelled to continue for the same reason one rubber necks at a wreck, an irresistible urge to see what one might see, while aware how awful it could be. And it was, right through to the ridiculous end. The story contains not a single character a reader might care about, especially the obnoxious, 34-year-old primary suspect in his wife's disappearance, Nick Dunne, and his equally awful wife. Just as easy to dislike are her parents, the overbearing creators of Amy and the trite-sounding Amazing Amy series. Nick's dad only serves to swear and show how poorly the author pays attention to the workings of Alzheimer care facilities, which, in my experience, are always LOCKED and nearly impossible for memory-impaired residents to leave. To top it off, the author employs the creepy ex-beau with overbearing mother angle. The only sympathetic character is small, four-pawed and whiskered. The denouement and ending were truly the dumbest, most ridiculously contrived I've yet read. In summary, skip this stupid story in favor of pretty much anything. Better: The Woman in White by Wilkie Collins, The Hound of the Baskervilles by Sir Conan Doyle, and The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas.
This is a missing person story.  At least at first; husband comes home to find signs of a struggle and his wife, Amy, missing.  That is all I'm going to say about plot line so I don't give anything away.  The characters are so believable and well fleshed out you really care about what happens.  Did the husband kill his wife?  Was she kidnapped?  Just read this book!
A real mystery buff, I fell for all the hype and good reviews about this book and eagerly started to reading it on my Kindle Fire.  Halfway through, I started skimming, and finally read a few lines on every page.  Not only did I feel no empathy for a single character in the book, the story went on and on and seemed incapable of coming to a conclusion (and believe me, I was ready for one).  What could have been a great psychological thriller with lots of twists and turns was instead a barely interesting, dragged out story that I  quickly lost interest in.  There were all kinds of opportunities to jazz up the story and pull the reader in, but none came to fruition.  What sad, sad characters these people were, and how sorry I felt for them being stuck in such a lame brain  drawn out story.
excellent read, exciting plot that keeps you on the edge of your seat. however, when you get to the ending you are left hanging! very poor conclusion. perhaps the author wants to leave you hanging so she can write a sequel.
Thrillers are not particularly well written usually. This one is quite good. No horrible stylistic bumps. No crashing cleches. The plot is a bit contrived and one is left wondering if certain events and decisions were not completely believable. But, the effect is chilling.  But give your partner a hug and have a long think about how lucky you are. The book may make you question your marriage. Wonderfully, the plot turns in exactly the wrong place in a balanced rivitting way that tightens the plot considerably, at the point that most books are spreading at the seams and showing their stuffing. This one recalibrates and jumps up a gear. Even when you can see the end, somehow it does not annoy. Even when the adrenaline begins drop and the plot drifts, its fine.I would not give it the rapturous reviews it gets but you won't be disgusted. This is not one of those ecstatically reviewed thrillers that makes you swear you will never read another.
the scattered writing style depicting the life of the husband makes it.too difficult a story line to follow...not interesting.or captivating
On Nick and Amy's 5th wedding anniversary, he wakes to the sound of his wife making him breakfast.  However, what should be a happy day is clearly anything but.  There are cracks in this marriage, some which are immediately apparent and some which the reader will learn over time.  Nick heads off to work, but a call from a neighbor summons him home - only to find evidence of a struggle and no sign of his wife.  Amy has disappeared and Nick is the police's no. 1 suspect.  The community rallies, her family descend, everyone in town seems to be missing Amy - apart from Nick, who seems strangely detached from the entire affair.This is a terrific, can't-put-me-down thriller with several dramatic twists to keep the reader on their toes.  Try not to find out too much about the plot because you'll enjoy it far more if you don't know where it's headed.  It's very cleverly written: lots of incidental throwaway lines early on end up being integrated back into the plot.  I did feel that the ending was a bit of a letdown but that's partly because the first three quarters are so good.If you are a fan of Linwood Barclay, Harlan Coben, Gregg Hurwitz or Elizabeth Haynes - welcome to your new favourite book.  I absolutely devoured this - the best thriller I've read all year.
Frustrating ending.
Loved this thriller in the vein of another favourite author Patricia Highsmith. The novel was smart with twists and turns and grey - not black and white. Well writtenA. I now await her next novel. I have now read all 3 she has written and find they get better and better.
This book had a very intriguing plot that kept me turning the pages from the minute I started till the minute I finished. However, I found the language offensive. I was not sure that the language was necessary to make the plot exciting. It was difficult to relate to the book on an emotional level because I did not like any of the characters.
It started out very promising and I was really into it but it made an ugly left turn in the middle and just got stupid. Beyond silly.  The ending is so unrealistic its almost like a mean joke being played on the reader. If you like this idea and want to see it developed properly try The Blunderer by Patricia Highsmith.
Having read and reviewed Gillian Flynn's "Sharp Objects", I was happy to receive this latest work from the author.  I like dark fiction, mystery, and the odd bit of creepiness, and this newest title definitely fits the bill.This novel is told in the first-person POV of Nick Dunne, interspersed with diary entries from Amy, his wife.Nick was a successful magazine writer and his wife Amy wrote quizzes for magazines in New York.  Life was good, especially because Amy also had a decent trust fund from her parents, two psychologists who are the writers of the "Amazing Amy" series of children's books, based loosely on their daughter's life.Shortly after Nick loses his job, closely followed by Amy losing hers, Nick receives a call from his twin sister Margo "Go".  Their well-loved mother is dying of cancer, and Nick decides, without consulting his wife beforehand, that they will move back to his hometown of North Cartage, Missouri to help Margo take care of her.  Nick and Margo had always talked about opening a bar, so they borrow from Amy to do so, while Amy ends up being the one sitting with their mother during her treatments, with nothing to do and no friends.On the morning of their fifth wedding anniversary, Nick receives a call from his neighbor.  His door is wide open and their cat is sitting on the porch.  Nick arrives to find a scene of disorder, with a heavy ottoman overturned and other signs of violent struggle throughout the house. Worst of all, his wife is missing.This is a story of the dark side of marriage and humanity.  Ms. Flynn is a talented writer, expert at drawing a mental picture that so perfectly chills the reader:  "There's something disturbing about recalling a warm memory and feeling utterly cold."With most missing-person cases, close family are the immediate suspects, and Nick finds himself followed closely by the two detectives assigned to the case.  Following the clues left by his wife's anniversary "treasure hunt", we also suspect Nick, even while he voices his innocence.  Amy's diary entries only add to our suspicions, as we follow the trail of a marriage gone cold, filled with dark bursts and suspicions.When I wasn't reading this book, I was thinking about it. When I was reading it, it was difficult to put down.  I was drawn in from the first page, and totally transfixed thereafter.  This is a brilliant piece of psychological writing that will have lovers of dark fiction wishing there were more pages.This one will definitely be on my "Best Reads" of 2012 list.  Pick it up; you won't regret it.QUOTESI simply assumed that I would bundle up my New York wife with her New York interests, her New York pride, and remove her from her New York parents - leave the frantic,thrilling futureland of Manhattan behind - and transplant her to a little town on the river in Missouri, and all would be fine.I did not yet understand how foolish, how optimistic, how, yes, just like Nick I was for thinking this.  The misery it would lead to.These messages and orders brought to you by my father, a mid-level phone-company manager who treated my mother at best like an incompetent employee.  At worst?  He never beat her, but his pur, inarticlate fury would fill the house for days, weeks, at a time, making the air humid, hard to breathe, my father stalking around with his lower jaw jutting out, giving him the look of a wounded, vengeful boxer, grinding his teeth so loud you could hear it across the room.  Throwing things near her but not exactly at her.  I'm sure he told himself:  I never hit her.  I'm sure because of this technicality he never saw himself as an abuser.  But he turned our family life into an endless road trip with bad directions and a rage-clenched driver, a vacation that never got a chance to be fun.  Don't make me turn this car around.  Please, really, turn it around.He came home from work and kissed me full on the lips, and he touched me as if I were really there.  I almost cried, I'd been so lonely.  To be kissed on the lips by your husband is the most decadent thing.In the videos, I wore clothes Amy had bought me, and I brushed my hair the way she liked, and I tried to read her mind.  My anger toward her was like heated wire."...why are you so wonderful to me?"He was supposed to say:  You deserve it. I love you.But he said, "Because I feel sorry for you.""Why?""Because every morning you have to wake up and be you."Writing:  5 out of 5 starsPlot:  5 out of 5 starsCharacters:  5 out of 5 starsReading Immersion:  5 out 5 starsBOOK RATING:  5 out of 5 starsSensitive Reader:  Some profanityBook Clubs:  Definitely a great pick - there will be lots to discuss as you move through the book and the direction of the story and the feel for the characters change.
Slow the first half and picked up the second half.  Content a little more interesting and moved steadier the second half. I found it hard to really care about the characters.
Simply could NOT put it down. Bad thing is, I left other stuff undone! LOL. I recommend this book to people who want a book that makes them think. This is not  a sweet, shallow read. I loved it. Will definitely read more Gillian Flynn.
I could not put this book down. It is incredible how completely insane some people are. This book is a little slow to start with but quickly becomes a page turner.
Well, this was an interesting book. It's hard to say much about it without spoiling the twists and turns (and other reviewers have already mentioned the plot), so I'll just say that the story really picks up in the second part, which is called &#34;Boy Meets Girl&#34;; this is really the first major twist. From there the story, twists and turns all the way to a rather unusual end--or maybe I should say that the end is more typical of literary fiction, where the good and the bad are gray and people (both good and bad) don't always get what they deserve. I'm going to read this again later this year, I think, just to enjoy the construction of the story all over again.
I could have done better with less obscene language ... come on. Does not anyone get that the f-word is fast becoming one to add to the overdone, overused, boring list? A cliche? It is a good impact word, but like an exclamation point, needs to be used sparingly or the punch is gone. We need to grow up.  Dirty words do not a good, well written story make. Cannot recommend without giving a heads up. Great story otherwise.
I couldn't believe they're was so much more book to go because I couldn't imagine what else could be said. And then it threw in a twist that you didn't see coming. Didn't want to put it down.
This was a great story, lots of plot twists and great characters butI hated how it ended.  The story ended in a way which wasn't an ending that was just or fair.  It ended in a phase that continue... don't you hate a story with a surprise '....to be continued'  ?  That's how this story ended.  I found the ending very unsatisfying, however the story was a great read...until the end.
I thought it was slow starting, but I have to say, after about 20 pages, I literally had a hard time putting the book down.  Every time I thought I knew what was happening, everything changed.  My hat's off to Gillian Flynn, it's a wonderful story!
This book. Talk about suspense, I couldn't put it down for longer than a few hours. Even when I wasn't reading, I was thinking about what was going on in Amy's or Nick's mind. I'm looking forward to reading more Gillian Flynn!
This is a difficult book to review because I liked the story but I despised the characters.  Nick and Amy are so detestable in both their personalities and their actions, especially how they capitulate at the end.  Nick acknowledges that he comes off as ridiculous in his eagerness to please.  His desperation to make everyone like him is pathetic.  Amy is calculating, manipulative, and deplorable.  And both of them spew nothing but lies, so they make for the most unreliable narrators in the history of modern fiction.  I will give Flynn credit for keeping me guessing.  The plot was well-paced and captivating enough to keep me engrossed in the twisted schemes of Amy and the dishonest antics of Nick.  I suppose Flynn wouldn't have been able to write such a riveting novel without having such a-holes screwing things up so bad.  Overall it was a fun read with characters I loved to hate.
What the other one star reviews said.There were so many missed opportunities in this book -- so many cliched characters, so many easy coincidences. The premise was good, and with so much of the story told in first person narrative it is easy to suspect everyone of anything... for a while. Then it just gets ridiculous. I think the author watched too many episodes of "MacGyver." Or the DeNiro movie, "Cape Fear." The bad character isn't just a bad character -- the bad character has secret super powers.My main gripe, however, is that the ending is beyond bad. It's as if the author got bored with the whole thing and just checked out. This book was not worth my time or my money. It ranks as one of my very least favorite books ever.
I will start on appositive note.  This book was very interesting.  Good plot line, well written characters and many twists and turns.  The writer clearly spent a great deal of time putting this together.  However, I hated every character in this book.  Thank God Amy in Part 2 of the book was not the doormat that she was as Diary Amy.  But, that didn't make me like her any more.  Nick is just a jerk and the supporting characters are almost as bad.  The story had major potential, but, as crazy as the twists were, I could see most (if not all)of them coming.  By the time I got to part 3 I just wanted it to end.  And end it did.  Badly.  Maybe I just expected too much.
I read a lot and I was disappointed that the twists and turns in this plot just got more and more mentally disturbed rather than finding any solutions or rational conclusions.  Would not recommend it.
This novel is a whirlwind. It took me on a crazy, reach-in-and-choke-the-character's ride. Like the reviewers who gave 1, 2, 3 Star reviews, I expected a different ending, but Gillian Flynn outsmarted me, and I love that. At first I thought the wording, although it flowed, was too 'flowery,' but, as I continued, I caught on&#8212;the decorative writing sets the tone impeccably. Well done, Flynn! Codependency and psychosis make for some toxic habits, easily turned addictions.
This book is only 2.5 stars for me.It sure took me a long time and much determination to finish this book. This book is good with the unexpected twist in the personalities of the characters but the story is just too slow at times and it is so hard to keep up with the content.I didn't like the ending much. It just didn't gave justice to the whole story. Both Nick & Amy are so unlikable.The first part of the book is all about Amy having gone missing and the entries she had wrote in her diary leading up the event that caused Nick to became the only suspect in her 'murder' case. It is really slow in this first part of the book as it made up almost 50% of the story. This caused many others to drop this book not knowing that there is a great twist in the beginning of Part 2.The second part of the book began with a BANG! Amy confessing that all those diary entries are fake. She had known about Nick's affair and wanted her revenge by either killing herself and frame Nick on it. But she was too much of a coward to do so. She actually used a year of careful planning to create the perfect 'murder' for her husband.The last part of this book is when she came home to Nick after murdering Desi, a guy who had been mad over her for years and was more than pleased to help her out during her escape. However when she got tricked over Nick's sweet words over the internet videos to lure her back and she realized that she couldn't control Desi any longer, she made the whole story of him kidnapping her and raping her and finally she killing him in defense.What I couldn't understand is that Amy is practically crazy and yet nobody is sending her to some mental institution. She murdered someone to make up a lie for herself to come back and no justice was done to her. Throughout her life she had been lying and acting like a psychopath and no one managed to pin her down? This is just so unbelievable.And Nick, knowing that she is crazy and all her sins, yet he could bring himself to forgive her? Just because she is carrying his baby not made out of love? (She used his semen externally!) Why would he want that crazy bitch as a mother of his child?I did enjoyed the twist in the book but I can't say I loved the story because both characters disgust me. I am not sure if I would want to recommend this book to my friends.
This book is good on so many levels I don't know where to begin. The author is really trying to work a lot of stuff out through writing or she is truly one of the most creative people I have ever read. Hilarious, sociopathic, suspenseful, calculating. Loved it.
This book was intriguing, interesting, couldn't figure out how it was going to end, but neither could the author.  Dud, let down, tired of writing this book ending.  Awesome to the last chapter, last line yuck
This is one of those stories you can read and remember years later! Psychological mastermind of situations that traps others with no intention of letting them go. Feel the characters frustration and knowledge that what was done was so perfect that no one is going to jail!
I'm still reading this book and I'm having trouble putting it down. Love it! If you like good writing, mystery and suspense, this is for you.
Oh dear. I found the author's style very amateurish as if she wrote with the thesaurus close at hand and was determined to find the mot juste. I did get to the end, unfortunately the author was no longer writing by that time.
Good book good book good book naaaaaaaaaaa www were www. Eases www. Www w w. W s. We t in :) f f2f. W s cc Bhutto f2f e as f2f h h c f2f
The author took a different and clever approach to telling this story.  It alternates first-person accounts by the husband and by the wife.  I found it to be a real page-turner.  Hard to put down.The way the author chose to end this tale is controversial.  Enough said.  Read it and decide for yourself what you think about the ending.
On the best seller list for a very long time.  Excellent read, excellent writer and the surprise ending is superb. 12/12
Wow!  Twists and turns all throughout the book.  Loved that I thought I had it figured out and then it turned once again!  Attention grabber for sure!
When I purchase a book from amazon.com, I go on line on my computer & check the New York Times Best Sellers list. When I find a book that looks interesting, I sample the first few pages. By then I can tell if the author's style has sucked me into the story. Gillian Flynn has done just that with the 3 books I have read. GONE GIRL  turned the reader into despising her husband, Then seeking justice for him in many twisted events. I was amazed at how far revenge could take a person.
I am not sure what the hype is over this book.  I finally read it because it was on the best seller list for so long.  I wanted to see what I was missing.  After reading it I have concluded that I was not missing much.  Very slow.
Good read and gets your attention quickly.  Interesting story concept re diary entries vs. real life.  Ending was a let down.
I would recommend this book to everyone.  It is a thriller/mystery (men will love it) and it is about complicated relationships (women will love it).  I couldn't put it down and everyone I recommended it to could not put it down either.  You will be hooked till the very last paragraph.  Amazing!
With all of the press on this book I expected more.It was ok in the beginning but got really far fetched.
My friends raved over this novel, I found it a bit slow at the start but the end was extremely clever.
One of the best books I've read recently. Just when I thought I had figured things out, Gillian Flynn pulledanother rabbit out of her brilliant hat! A great read!!
And the surprise is welcome. I loved Sharp Objects, Gillian Flynn's first novel, and Dark Places took me to desperate and dark places indeed. So, I don't know why I waited to read Gone Girl. Maybe it was The Hype. I tend to back away from the obvious, what the crowds love. Don't know why; I just do. I am a huge supporter of first novels. I like discovering new voices. Gone Girl kept pulling at me though and I finally broke down and read it from cover to cover, something that doesn't happen in my reading life. I tend to read twenty books at once, a chapter her and there, and the book that is the most exciting stays in the lead and I finish reading that one first. Gone Girl lives up and surpasses the popularity hype. I loved the structure, the back and forth between the husband and wife through a journal isn't anything new, but it was used to further the complex motivations of the characters. I highly recommend Gone Girl to anyone who enjoys off-center tales, suspense, and dark places.
Not what I expected even after hearing about it. Really different and totally unexpected. Don't wait for movie because the book is always better.
Great suspenseful story! I don't usually like suspense, but this was a great story! I never knew what was going to happen next! That's what I love, very unpredictable.
This is one of the most original books I've ever read! The characters warrant little sympathy but are utterly compelling. I never guessed at the twists and turns that it takes and I loved the surprises. Gillian Flynn is my new favourite author and I hope the movie adaption of &#34;Gone Girl&#34; does this justice.
Part of me wants to ask people NOT to read this book because it&#8217;s too good. I say that only because this is a book that gets inside your head in a way that can be a little alarming. &#8220;Gone Girl&#8221; is not just a crime thriller. It&#8217;s a book about relationships. In fact, it&#8217;s quite apt that &#8220;Annie Hall&#8221; is referenced in the book because, originally, that movie was intended as a murder mystery (which eventually got spun off into &#8220;Manhattan Murder Mystery&#8221;), which reminds us of the deeper (and actual) meaning of the word &#8220;romance.&#34;But no, if you really like crime thrillers, you should read it. This novel is the unreliable narrator at its best. You start reading it and you start rooting for someone, and then you change your mind, and so on, until you are quite disoriented by the end.As I read this book, I started thinking about relationships in general. I think most readers can&#8217;t help but do that. We see part of ourselves in the two main characters and we probably see moments in their lives that reflect our own - a similar conversation, thought or event that occurred in our lives that allow us to identify with one or the other. In the end, this book asks us to question what it means to be in a relationship. I can&#8217;t help but think also of &#8220;The Clockwork Orange,&#8221; because it forces us to think about whether we want a relationship that is real but messy, or fake but presentable.This book also has us examine not just relationships between spouses, but also between parent and child, between siblings, between friends, and between public and private lives. So much of our lives is spent on managing relationships with and between people who love (or don&#8217;t love but have to deal with). Whether we like it or not, other people&#8217;s perception of us can take control of who we are and start defining our identities.Finally, I applaud Flynn&#8217;s colorful cast of characters, all representing a type or category of person(s) that we&#8217;ve come across before; even if we haven&#8217;t met a Desi or a Rand or an Andie before, we know this type of person must exist.Lots of people don&#8217;t like the ending. That&#8217;s understandable. Without giving too much away, I think I&#8217;d only say that any other ending would have defeated the purpose of the book. People compare Gillian Flynn to Patricia Highsmith and that&#8217;s not without reason. It is the right ending.This book is a lot of fun. It&#8217;ll make you laugh and angry, all at the same time. It&#8217;s the best and worst book to read as a couple so, be careful.
As for the good:  Gone Girl is the true definition of a page turner.  Before I read the book I tried not to read too many reviews so as to not spoil my own reading.  While I knew there were some twists and turns, I had no idea around which corner they were hiding.  The characters are quite well developed and engaging.  While I always kept an eye out for a blindside, I truly was surprised several times.  Just when I thought I had a solid opinion, I received just enough information to spin things around and cause me to have to reevaluate.  There was constant movement in the story and really kept me guessing.As for the not so good:  I won't comment on specifics about the ending but I believe I would have preferred something a bit more tidy.  I felt like the first part of the book was a legitimate thriller and maybe even somewhat a study into the sensational relationship between violent crime and the media.  But then it took yet another turn, ending in a cartoonish/Twilight Zone/M Knight Shyamalan way - almost a caricature of itself.  In my opinion, a huge let down.Having said that, I rate this a solid four stars because it was generally that good.  But I must subtract one star for the ending.  I will definitely recommend this book to my friends.
Purchased on Audible. Heard it four times already. LOVE LOVE Ami!!!!  A MUST MUST READ!!! I was saying WTFrench??? Unpredictable. Pick it up!!!
I like books with twists and turns. This story is full of them. Not one single likable character, but it did keep me on the edge of my seat.
It's a mystery. It's a social commentary. It's an analysis of a marriage and how many ways it can go wrong. It's a thriller and a puzzle and a cautionary tale.Fair warning: Gillian Flynn USES the tools of a writer. This is a work of fiction: she can deceive, she can manipulate the characters and the reader (it is allowed), she spins her web and make us fight to get out. And she has done it brilliantly.I take issue with several reviewers who deducted stars because they felt &#34;manipulated&#34;.Really? Then why read fiction? It's all about manipulation: emotional, psychological, physiological, social.... Just as a start, mysteries are inherently manipulative of their readers, or there wouldn't be the fun of testing our wits against the puzzle. If you feel that the author must always only reveal the truth of the characters at all times, you forget that fiction is about people. And people LIE, they justify the un-justifyable, they squirm and weasel and double-cross and betray and at the end of the day will do a lot to protect themselves from consequences when they're cornered. Especially when it suits them. Often even when it may not. And the truth can be so subjective. Especially when the characters are telling the story...controlling it. Or losing control. Or fighting for it. Or wanting the last word.This book is less graphic than many thrillers on the shelves - it doesn't use gore or excessive descriptions to shock - it allows the story to do that. But it is a thriller. More chilling perhaps because this one takes place not only close to home, but in the home. And nothing is as it seems.This is one of my &#34;read it from the library and had to buy my own copy to re-read&#34; books.
My first read of a Gillian Flynn novel; I was drawn by its continued presence on the best seller list. I liked the concept of alternating points of view from the two protagonists. The author did a good job showing their flawed mindsets. Amy and her parents are particularly creepy. The book is well written and moves along quickly - it's hard to put it down. I'm no prude, but the excessive use of some very crude language was offensive. Some reviewers didn't like the ending, but I think it made sense based on the general tone of the story.
This novel can be very engaging and absorbing. It is also manipulative and deceptive. Approximately a quarter of the book is a complete lie. This monumental deception serves no purpose other than to manipulate the reader; it plays a very small and unnecessary role in the plot of the second part of the novel. And it is not an example of unreliable narrator. In the case of an unreliable narrator the reader knows or strongly suspects that the narrator is deluding himself or herself, or intentionally hiding facts or lying; this is part of the interest and pleasure of books like The Remains of the Day. The novel contains some vacuous social commentary about the Great Recession and media. If you are not bothered by the deception, don't take seriously the social commentary, and go along with a puzzling character (sociopaths in love?), then you will enjoy it.
Ok i must say this is on of the most riveting works of fiction i have ever read.  It started slow and drawn out and want to bail on the story.  You get to know these 2 people and one is presumed murder by her husband.  all the clues point to her.  then Bam flip turn reverse.  the story takes a crazy twist. Then you hold on and ride it out until the end.
Yesterday I finished reading &#34;Gone Girl,&#34; by Gillian Flynn. I hate to use the words of others, but one of the blurbs on the back of this novel proclaims it to be &#34;mercilessly entertaining&#34; and I have to agree. A possible murder mystery, an examination of men and women and class and rural vs. urban, with the darkest of ebony touches of humor, &#34;Gone Girl&#34; is simply one of the best books I've read in recent years.It's the fifth anniversary of golden couple Nick and Amy Dunne, and suddenly Amy is missing. Nick seems strangely unconcerned that his wife is nowhere to be found. And so the story begins. Unreliable narration abounds, and the golden couple unravels through a series of twists so devilish that reading is like riding a rollercoaster. No kidding. I can honestly say that there are multiple places in the novel where I literally could not stop reading, no matter the time or place.Some reviewers have had problems with the ending, but I found it to be perfectly, deliciously, awful and dark. I suppose if you need 'happily ever after' you might want to skip this book.And I may read it again. Maybe within the week. Maybe now. Because the stunningly contorted plot just begs to be appreciated all over again once the central mystery is solved. I enjoyed it that much. &#34;Gone Girl&#34; gets two thumbs way, way up... but beware the darkness.
Let me begin by saying that I am extremely glad I was able to borrow this book on Kindle from my local library.  I was really looking forward to reading this book and I wanted to love it.  It started out fantastic and I spent a near-sleepless night trying to get to the end.  However, about three-quarters of the way through, I realized that both lead characters were conceited, arrogant, hateful, vengeful, pathetic idiots who completely deserved each other.  Truly, both leads simply began to disgust me, but I plowed through the rest of the book hoping for a great payoff at the end.  NO!  This book has a weak and anticlimactic ending that really makes no sense.  Overall, a complete letdown.
Wow, what a plot! Lots of twists and turns. What a couple, I'm glad I'm not married to one of them.
This is a love it or hate it kind of book, as I think the reviews here reflect. I came down on the side of love it---it's amazing.If you need a likeable narrator, this book is not for you. The voices of this book are consistently fascinating, but deeply, deeply, hidiously, twistedly, deliciously flawed.If you need a tidiness in the ending, this book is not for you. There's been a lot of kerfluffle about it, but I thought the end was note perfect. It was the best kind of conclusion, by which I mean, it surprised me and at the same time I had this dawning feeling that it was inevitable. The book could not have ended so truthfully in any other way.It reminds me of IN THE WOODS, another book whose end polarized readers, and which  I loved as much as I loved this one. I can also see fans of THE SECRET HISTORY or Jennifer McMahon's DISMANTLED eating this up like candy. If you liked any of those, this is probably right up your alley.
I did not not like this book at all and found the language overdone with swearing and absurd situations. I don't understand why it has been so popular. I did not even finish it as I just was offended by the language. If this a reflection of current reality, we are in trouble.
This book drove me crazy, but I could barely put it down for all the twists and turns. I was disappointed in the ending, but it held my interest until then.
I adore this author, and admired this book, but it was a little too much.  The psychological profile of the key character was too complex and ultimately muddy, and in the end you really missed having someone to root for whom you could actually like.  There was a review on the back flap that called it something like Stephen King meets Scenes from a Marriage (gave away the book so can't cite it correctly), which pretty much sums it up.
I didn't like this book or the ending.  I would not read another book by Gillian Flynn and have not read any previously.,
GONE GIRL KEEPS YOU ON THE EDGE OF YOUR SEAT UNTIL YOU FINISH. IT IS ONE OF THOSE BOOKS  YOU CAN'T PUT DOWN. GONE GIRL I THINK REPRESENTS TO ALL MEN THE WOMEN WHO LEFT THEIR LIFE AND THEREFORE CREATS AN INTEREST BY TITLE.
Page turner. Kept me guessing and curious. Not sure how I feel about ending but would definitely recommend to others.
A good fiction writer knows the best motivation for a reader to keep turning the page is the last sentence cliffhanger.  In Gone Girl, Gillian Flynn comes through in spades.  The pacing of the book is well crafted.  Because the chapters go back and forth between Nick and Amy, you finish one chapter on the edge of your seat, then read the next one just to get to the one after that.  After reading a few hundred pages, you are still consumed with the "what happens next" feeling.  Although the story was quite twisted, the character development was well organized and insightful.  I enjoyed the read and , based on the storytelling talents of Gillian Flynn, I'll be picking up another one of her books very soon.I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys adult themes and dark overtones.
** spoiler alert ** I think I'm like most people who love reading and who love to escape into a book that makes you forget where you are, that makes you have that drugged-reader high where you don't want to put the book down, not even for sleep. That was my experience with this book.She makes a believable world from the first words, with believably crazy-times people. And what's even more amazing is she creates characters that you see yourself in, and start to wonder - am I that kind of crazy in my own way? And, even more, what kind of society do we live in when this kind of sociopathic view of marriage (at least from the outside) is kind of our ideal? The beautiful, flawless wife who is brilliant; the handsome, aw-shucks Midwestern husband; her money, their big house, their life in the middle of America....In the end, I feel she's written a brilliant, caustic, brutal satire on how we (Americans) view how marriage should be - based on all the exciting films, thrillers, and songs that fill our minds with ideals of romance, excitement, gender roles, he/she-gets-me, I'm his/her one and only, all that stuff. Who wins? Who gets the last word? Who's in control? Who's running the marriage? Who's pleasing whom most? Who is most to blame? Who's to be most admired? Who's more attractive? Who deserves better? What does he/she got that I don't got in my marriage? Who's story do you believe? Is it real? Or is it just what you want to hear?It seems dizzying and sickening when you read it like this - a sociopath and a narcissist get married. But it's even harder to wrestle with the parts of yourself that you recognize in those extremes, and how you've come to buy into certain myths of marriage that emerge as crazy only when someone attempts to take them down like this.
I was completely immersed in this book.  Twist after twist, this was well written and I can't wait to see it portrayed on the big screen.
It took entirely too long for the book to get good .. page 120 I think is when it finally got good.. but once it got good I couldn't put it down. I needed to know what happened. The ending was eh okay.. could've been better. Definitely not a Hollywood ending which is good.Good book though. Good job
This book is not my cup of tea. Would make a good (shallow) beach read. I almost put it down early on.
I loved Gone Girl.  It's told in alternating points of view, which may make it hard to read for some, but it's worth the extra thinking that it takes to follow the plot.  Nick tells the story of his wife, Amy's, disappearance, while Amy tells her side of the story.  The first half of the book is intriguing, but the second half is rivoting!  Every time you think there's going to be a resolution of some sort, another plot twist happens.  Part of the novel had me on the edge of my seat.  I highly recommend this book.
There's a lot to like about Gillian Flynn's GONE GIRL.  It's a captivating mystery (did charming Nick have anything to do with the disappearance of his lovely wife Amy?) and a cleverly conceived thriller (there are enough twists and turns to satisfy any fan of the genre).  But what really works - and what makes GONE GIRL a real page turner - is how beautifully Flynn dissects the disintegration of a marriage.  This isn't really a book about Amy's disappearance; in fact, that aspect of the plot becomes fairly moot by the half-way point.  This is a book about what it means to love someone, in all its terrifyingly selfish horror.  It's about what we do to one another in the name of love and happiness.Manhattan-born Amy is gorgeous, rich, and successful, and she admits to playing roles in her relationships with men (she'll be the "Cool Girl," since men love Cool Girls - easy-going, fun, never a complainer).  Nick is likable and charismatic, yet he is haunted by his relationship with an angry and deranged father (at first he can't believe pretty Amy loves him; later he can't remember why he ever loved her).  Their marriage is great until they both lose their jobs -- then they leave Manhattan for the pressure cooker of small-town Midwestern life, and nothing is ever quite the same again.  On the morning of their fifth anniversary, Amy disappears.  Nick becomes the primary suspect.  And the reader is left trying to figure out which of these two characters to believe.In the first part of the novel, the narration shifts between Nick's story and Amy's journal entries. Sometimes they both describe the same event, and we get a clear picture of how impossible it is for two people to really understand each other.  These two hurt each other without ever understanding why.  They also both lie . . . repeatedly.  Later in the story, we get a different picture.  At first we sympathize with Amy and grow suspicious of Nick (she's loving and caring; he's sullen and secretive).  Later, we will sympathize with him, and despise her.  By the end, we won't know what to believe or what to think.  Is anyone in the novel telling the truth?The ending of this book has generated quite a bit of controversy, mainly because what ultimately happens is so depressingly awful.  But at the same time, it's difficult to imagine any other ending, outside the Hollywood "feel-good" kind of thing you would expect from a big-budget movie.  There's nothing "feel-good" about this book - not the story, not the characters, and certainly not the ending.  This is hard stuff, about people who are psychologically damaged.  It's hard to like either of them.  Near the end, Nick says, "So let everyone take sides.  Team Nick, Team Amy.  Turn it into even more of a game: Sell some [*******] T-shirts."  There is no "Team Nick" and "Team Amy" here.  You'll find yourself hard-pressed to support either of them by the end.Do I recommend this novel?  Sure - I loved parts of it, even as I was repulsed by other parts.  It's a fascinating read, and Nick and Amy are fascinating, if damaged, people.  It will remind you of Turow's PRESUMED INNOCENT (if you've read it, you'll know what I mean), Craig Jones's masterful BLOOD SECRETS (out of print, but well worth the search for a used copy), and the 1981 film BODY HEAT (there's a fine line between passion and betrayal).  But maybe the best comparison is to the 1989 dark comedy, WAR OF THE ROSES.  If GONE GIRL was a comedy (and it's totally not), it would be WAR OF THE ROSES.  By the end of that film, there wasn't much left to laugh about.  By the end of GONE GIRL, you'll wonder if there'll ever be anything to laugh about again.  It's a powerful book.  But it's certainly not an easy read.
loved this book, took it to the pool with me this summer, and I did more reading than swimming. Thought the characters where great, with lots of twisty turns. was not a big fan of the ending,, but so many possibilities I think Flynn picked the wrong one.
I don't see what so many people like about this book. It was an easy read and I liked the idea of it (thus the two stars), but I figured out the twist very, very early on. The characters are the worst people in the world and I hated them so much. I wanted everyone to just die horrible deaths at the end of this book. I always finish books, and I got through this one fast because I didn't want it to take longer than it needed to. Maybe this isn't my type of book, but maybe it's because I like to read something that is half-way interesting, a little likeable and didn't make me want to toss it against a wall all of the time. This book came recommended by three people I know, and now I'm wondering if they were all playing a cruel joke on me. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
Interesting, but nothing that piqued my interest for long, which means I could put it down .I don't know if I would read another book by the author.
Though I'm usually much more of a fantasy person, I decided to try something different with the highly recommended Gone Girl. The story was very engrossing in spite of being kind of unpleasant.The story itself revolves around a married couple named Nick and Amy Dunne. On the day of their fifth wedding anniversary, Amy Dunne mysteriously disappears. As the evidence begins to surface that foul play was involved in Amy's disappearance, the reader is left wondering if Nick is really innocent or if there is something more at work here.The voices between the story's two narrators are both very distinctive. You get very clear sense of who both of these characters are in the course of the book. In my opinion, neither one of them were particularly likeable, but they were interesting. The story itself has a big twist in it, one that I expected, but that didn't stop me from wanting to see how the story played out. I was still surprised by the ending and how everything was tied together.Overall, I enjoyed this book and found it intriguing. I would recommend it to those people who enjoy drama, particularly police and relationship drama. I would be hesitant to recommend it to those who don't like foul/blunt kind of language or who want their characters to be wholesome, good people. This is not that kind of story, but I still find it an interesting story nonetheless.
I enjoyed this book, but the central characters Amy and Nick are both very unlikable ... Scary though, and so unbelievable it is believable. Like the way Flynn makes the Missouri setting a character as well.
I fully expected to hate this book. I often find super-popular, over-hyped books disappointing, or even not worth finishing. Popular fiction and thrillers usually aren't my thing. But oh my gosh, there is nothing excessive about the hype for this book.So it's a thriller, but smart too, something along the lines of In the Woods, but even more suspenseful and with less police procedural. It's all twists and turns and mind games, keeping me engaged but shedding light onto the human condition, which is what I like about literary fiction, my favorite genre. (view spoiler)I waited behind 65 people to get this electronically from the library, and it was worth the wait. I read it feverishly last night and throughout the day today. Easily one of the best books I've read this year, maybe ever. But I don't think I'll be able to wait for months before moving on to Dark Places...book store, here I come.
I absolutely hated the first half of this book. I even considered not finishing it.  It was terribly boring.  The last half was suspenseful, psychotic and just downright strange.
Really well written, keep me intrigued right till the end. The characters were interesting, and kept me interested to find the conclusion of the tangled web....
This book had some good things and some major problems.The Good:1. clever plot twists (though a couple of them I saw coming, some I didn't)2. Interesting insights about people & relationshipsThe Bad:1. THE ENDING. It was awful and a huge let-down. It also did not make sense.2. Plot holes / loose ends3. stereotypes (clueless cops, overly emotional parents, clingy mistress, Ozark hillbillies, etc.)4. Did I mention how much the ending SUCKED??
Wonderful and very clever build up!Quite an extraordinary story was made out of an event which albeit difficult emotionally is not unusual !
I was very disappointed in this book. All of the reviews and talking to other readers sounded like it would be a good read. I do not like the voice it was written in. In fact I have struggled to read 50% of this book so far. I had to stop for a while because I found I was reading it to see what the rave reviews were about. So far, I have not found anything...
This book was a waste of my time.I was avoiding this book for some time and finally gave in to the rave reviews.Both of the characters were irritating and I only finished the book to find out what happened in the end rather than because I was caught up.  After reading all that time, only to reach an extremely unsatisfactory and stupid ending, I wanted to strangle both of the two idiot main characters. Don't waste your money.
First let me say that this was a great book.  The only part that I was not comfortable with was the ending.  It was too much of a cliff hanger.  I want to know how the marriage of Nick and Amy progressed.  Hopefully there is another book in the works to let us know this.  That being said, I loved the twists and loved seeing the development of obsession in a very sick and twisted relationsip.  Definately recommended!
This was a very exhausting book.  I  just wanted this book to be over. It wore me out emotionally.  I can't figure out why the ratings were good for this book. I would not recommend it.
Gillian Flynn is one of those authors that can make you believe anything that she wants you to believe, even if you are initially suspicious of the characters or circumstances; in Gone Girl, Flynn seemingly shows you her hand, and yet the incredible psychological forces driving the actions of all of these characters still culminate to an ending that no one could ever predict.
Keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time. I could not put the book down. It doesn't end how you expect it to. I don't read that often but did not have a hard time finishing it.
I could not put this book down!  I was hooked from the beginning, and though the ending is a little hard to take, it was totally worth it. Great for book group discussions!
I bought this book as a "kinda looks interesting" book.  It had my attention from the start. I enjoyed the perspectives from the  characters every other chapter.  I stayed up late reading for several nights because it was so engrossing.  And then, the book ends.  Just like that.  I feel as if I read the whole book and then........no closure.
I love this book.  If I could have read this book straight through I would have.  I didn't want to put it down.  There is a great story of a woman who disappears and her husband is accused of the crime.  He tries to figure out what happened to her.
This is a great story of a pschopathic marriage, with one member of the couple just an average guy with little self awareness. Neither one of the couple is very likeable, and for me the development of the characters is the story. However the book kept me guessing throughout,and took some real twists.. The ending was realistic, if dissapointing, but nobody--except the hero's sister, and the female detective deserved a happy ending. An excellant read
This was too strange and convoluted for me. It did not hold my interest. I generally love mysteries but not this one. Apparently I am in the minority though.
A gratifying contemporary psychological thriller. The characters are intriguing and the story is imaginative and revealing. I found the book was weighed down with gratuitously graphic sex. I'm no prude but I just think it was the weak link in an otherwise engrossing tale. Definitely my personal opinion and not a reason to avoid.
I began to read this book without reading the subject matter first.  I hated it and loved it!-!--all at the same time.  The story was the most messed up and horrific love story I have ever read.  Anyone who likes a great police drama, love gone wrong story,  and mystery all in one will like this book.
Wow. Just...wow. Scary to think how this could actually be some ones screwed up life. I have seen criticism of the ending, but I thought it was appropriate considering the overall plot.
The book was interesting to read.  But it left me feeling violated.  A waste of brain mass to have read it.  Definitely WTF?
This was a great read. Twists and turns and feeling yourself pulling for each character at times.  Fabulous!  I would read more from this author.
I don't understand why anyone gave this book such rave reviews. The middle of the story was interesting but the beginning was boring and the ending was terrible and anticlimactic. Would not recommend!
Now I know why everyone was reading this book.  Talk about a page turner! Kept me in suspense until the very end.
It was full of suspense and the characters were intriguing with everyday weaknesses, strengths and flaws that we all have, but with offbeat personality issues that kept you guessing.
This novel is intriguing and held my attention throughout. The characters are well developed, and deep. The only reason I did not give five stars is that I was disconcerted by the ending.
The book started well and the character development was very interesting. You start out thinking one thing and then realize that things aren't as they seem. That being said, I had issues with the end and it took away from the rest for me.However, a good and entertaining read
. . . unless you love vague and annoying endings usually found in highbrow literary fiction.  As so many other reviewers have pointed out, this book keeps a reader riveted, hoping, waiting, knowing, that justice will be served then *poof* it ends, and you're not really sure why. Almost as if the author just got tired one day and decided to quit.  I listened to this in audio book form on my Kindle Fire -- 19 hours of my precious "reading" time wasted. I could have been reading a book with a memorable ending.
This one is a page turner, kept me on the edge of my seat.  Always a new unexpected twist and turn.
At first I wasn't sure how the book got to the best seller list. Must be a reason. I kept reading and before I knew it, I was hooked! It's a great read that draws you into the different personalities with understanding and shock mixed in. Scary to think that their are people out there that are manipulative enough that it could actually happen. This author is great!!
Loved the twists and turns.  Well written.  I couldn't put it down.  I kept on reading to find out what happened next.
Audion version5/5 for plot characterization and writing5/5 perormance2/5 based on my own personal reactionWow that seems like quite a divide.  Let me start out by saying that Gillian Flynn has written this book masterfully.  The characters were very convincing.  When they spoke they came alive.  She kept me guessing as to who did what and what would happen next.  I really enjoyed the structure of the book.  Nick's character tells the story from the time of Amy's disappearance forward.  Amy's character is telling the story through diary entrys from when they met.The narration was very good.  This book has two narrators one for Nick and one for Amy.  Both narrators performed very well.  Even when the narrators had to speak as another character they made changes to tone or speech pattern that let the listener know they were speaking as someone else.  The production was more a radio play than pure narration and kept me thoroughly engaged.As for my own reaction, life is too short to spend with such unattarctive people. Based on my own subjective opinion I most likely will not be reading more of Gillian's books.  Too depressing for me.
Just when you have the characters all figured out - everything changes!  I loved the twists and turns but felt the ending weak. Still, overall, I really enjoyed the story. Don't start reading unless you have some time to read awhile. You won't want to put it down.
I purchased the Kindle version and enjoyed this book tremendously on my vacation. There are surprising twists and turns that keep you on the edge of your seat wondering which characters to be loyal to.
I purchased this book after watching an interview with the author on Good Morning America.  I found it a little confusing to follow in the beginning, as the story is being told by the two main characters.  When I finally got used to the style, it was hard to put down.  However, I was disappointed in the ending. I understand they are making a movie---it should be interesting to see how Ben Affleck handles the Nick character.
Loved the plot twists, but a bit disappointed in the ending.
Our book club read this.Only one person liked it. The rest of us had the exact same things to say about it: no redeeming characters. The book takes many twists, but at the end of the day you can only think these characters deserve what they get and each other. I feel sorry for offspring. what a waste of money & time reading this.
Over the last two years, I kept seeing Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl pop up on best book lists. It had both critical acclaim and love from readers. Many years ago, I read Flynn's first novel, Sharp Objects and was immediately hooked. Inexplicably, Flynn's second novel, Dark Places had escaped my attention and even with all of the hype, it took me nearly two years to finally read Gone Girl.Gone Girl is worth every ounce of its hype.Why did I wait so long????Gone Girl is the story of married couple, Nick and Amy Dunne. Amy goes missing on the couple's fifth wedding anniversary and soon after, Nick becomes the prime suspect. I'm going to stop here, because the story is filled with twists and turns that test the readers assumptions and sense of morality. I don't want to give anything away.I didn't know anything about the story going into it and I'm really glad that I didn't, because the element of surprise is one of the key factors towards making the book so good. Flynn is masterful in the way in which she hides the clues and with the timing of her reveals. This story is best enjoyed without exposure to spoilers.Flynn had my attention with the first paragraph and I found the book impossible to put down. Not only has Flynn crafted a fantastic story, but she has created multifaceted, compelling characters. This story is not going to be for everyone. It's dark, sinister and often cruel. However, if that sounds like a story up your alley, it's a must-read. In addition to the very twisted plot and characters, the story touches on themes that have affected a lot of people, most pointedly, the recession and how job loss affects couples on both an individual and family level.As I was in the middle of reading the story, I found out that the novel is currently being adapted into a movie starring Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike. I'm sure that the movie will be good and that I will be excited to see it, however, a lot of the punch that the book packs comes from the narrative voices of both of the leads.The novel alternates between Nick and Amy's perspectives and being inside of their minds is a key element in the story. The whole point of the story is to mess with the reader's perception of a reliable narrator and of the assumptions that we all make. Getting into the minds of the characters is fundamental to Flynn's story.In most cases, I would always advise to reading the book version first. However, in the case of Gone Girl, you must read it first. Even if the film adaptation is fantastic, this is a situation where there is no way possible that a screenplay can do justice to the novel. The novel and screenplay can't help but be two very different versions of the same story.Read it!Like my review? Check out my blog!
A really good read.  I had a hard time putting it down to do my everyday chores.  It kept me guessing.
I was staying up nights to read this book...loved it and would recommend it as a fast paced entertaining read
I really enjoyed this book, but the ending was a bit of a letdown. I stayed annoyed at Amy the entire time and although that's good character building, I wanted to strangle her myself. It took a bit to get used to the way the story was told, but once I got into it, I didn't want to put it down! Good read overall.
A very good description of a woman with a personality disorder and the devastation she wreaks on others lives. Great for Book Club discussions. There will be varying opinions on the characters.
Talk about not knowing where a story line will go!  Terrific read...but very harsh in places.  An important reminder to all of us who never know when we may be dealing with a sociopath or a psychopath.  They do indeed walk among us.
This was a great read!  The main character fascinated me and the storyline twisted and turned constantly, keeping the book in a roller coaster ride to the end.  It took me several pages to get into the story, but once I was hooked, I was hooked!
One of the best character studies in recent memory. The twists and turns never stop along with ever changing  allegiance, disbelief and discuss. A must read for folks that like we'll written suspense. I would definitely recommend this to any thinking BOOK lover.
Despite lots of so-so and negative reviews, I gave this book a try and I'm glad I did.  There were lots of twists and turns that I didn't see coming.  Some people have trashed the book for being unrealistic, especially the ending.  But who knows what goes on in the mind of a sociopath?  The entire story seemed plausible when you look at it that way.  I'd recommend it!
The twists and turns throughout this book are unbelievable. I just did not see it coming. The book was well written, It is so hard to talk about this story because you can not give the plot away. However it is creepy and dark and im so so curious if there will be a sequel because of the somewhat open ending. I could not put my ipad down!!
This is a great book and really kept my interest.  I really had no idea how it was going to end.
Entertaining=yes, believable=somewhat, disturbing=totally.  This book is good and keeps you guessing like a real "who done it?" until you realize what has happened and watch the story unfold.  Amazing detail of Amazing Amy and Nick and their not so perfect marriage.  Few marriages are perfect but this one reaches a whole new level of disturbing.  Amy's vindictive hatred plays out through the entire book toward multiple characters but most she saves for one man.  Wow I sure hope nobody "loves" me like that.  The ending?  Inconclusive, still waiting for the other shoe to drop.
This book was not what I expected!  It was more of a psychological insight into people's minds!  What an ending,
I liked this book a lot more when I started it compared to when I finished it. I thought the ending was lame and disappointing.
I started this book because a friend suggested that I read it.  It was ok in the start and then I  got to a point where I could not put it down.  What an good read with an interested ending.  I am sure any reader will enjoy it.
This novel is full of twists and turns.  I won't talk about the plot because there is tons of that information out there.  I'll just say that I loved it, that it made its own sense, and that the ending was perfect!
It does not have a happily ever after ending and that might deter some readers. The language skills of the author are evident and it is a great smooth read.
Initially, I did get captivated by these characters. When the Bookclub I &#34;belonged&#34; to continually &#34;failed&#34; to communicate when we would next meet, I dropped from it and glad I did.  I enjoyed the detail of this book and couldn't wait for the outcome. Kindle is a great way to read any book I choose and I love my new freedom.
Like Dennis Lehane in its use of detailed local color. Like Dennis Lehane in plot twists, realistic police procedures, violence, and depraved, vividly drawn characters. Like Jane Austen in her female protagonist's verbal agility and its clever observations on class and male-female relationships. Like both of them in being hard to put down and very funny. I can see Reese Witherspoon as perfect for the lead in the movie. But so much of what makes Gone Girl interesting is what goes on in people's minds, and that's done better in a book than a movie.
At first it took me a long time to get into the book, it was dull at first, then BOOM!!! Gillian grabbed me and then it took me all of 2 hours to finish this great book. I will be reading more if Flynn for sure!!!
I've read a lot of thrillers in my life...and I've read a lot of books with unreliable narrators in my life.  But I can honestly say that I have NEVER read a book like "Gone Girl" in my life.  This book messes with the reader's head in a most interesting and addictive way.  (Let me say here that before I even finished this book, I ordered another one of Flynn's books.)Amy and Nick Dunne are completely fascinating and wildly unnerving characters.  Though the plot of their story dances up to the line of seeming too contrived at times - it never crosses it.  Flynn makes this story work because she's created such unique and amazingly enough, believable characters.  Reading about these people, this marriage, is like trying to make one's way though a fun house maze of mirrors.  Every time you think you know the way out, you walk straight into a wall.When Amy and Nick meet - it seems magical.  "Click.  You just know each other.  All of a sudden you see reading in bed and waffles on Sunday and laughing at nothing and his mouth on yours.  And it's so far beyond fine that you know you can never go back to fine.  That fast.  You think: Oh, here is the rest of my life.  It's finally arrived."After five years of marriage pass, things are more than a bit different.  "When she spied me lurking there in grubby boxers, my hair in full Heat Miser spike, she leaned against the kitchen counter and said, "Well, hello, handsome."  Bile and dread inched up my throat.  I thought to myself: Okay, go."But turns out?  Almost nothing the reader reads in the first third of the book is true.  Well, I can't say that.  It's true to a point, except when one of the characters clearly admits lying to the reader.  And then there are lies within lies...and twists upon twists.  As Amy explains, "Don't fret, we'll sort this out: the true and the not true and the might as well be true."It is often said that no one really knows what goes on within a marriage except the two people involved in it.  In this case, these two people don't even really know.This book is a mix of lies, truths, half truths and fabrications.  Amy and Nick Dunne aren't very honest to the reader, and even less so to themselves.  But it's less confusing than intriguing...less far-fetched than fascinating.I had to put it down a few times to try and wrap my head around what was going on, but when I had to put it down for a final time, it was with dismay.I can only hope the Gillian Flynn book I ordered arrives soon.
I loved this book.  It started off as a classic whodunit with a weak, yet loving wife and an extremely flawed, equally wak husband.  Then Gillian Flynn begins to reveal the truth of the 'love' story.  The reader sees the true color of both characters. Its a commentary on how people can be manipulated by each other, the media and our need for love no matter how sick. It was a fast read, very entertaining with an edning that mnay find upsetting but somewhat true to life.  Justice does not always prevail.
I'm enjoyed it & am glad I read it, but I'm still not sure what all the hype was for.
Gillian Flynn is one of my favorite authors and this is by far her best book yet.  I defy anyone to figure out the twists and turns before they come.  It's a tour de force by an author at the top of her game.
I haven't yet finished it, becuase it hasn't really caught my attention. It's not bad, but not particularly grand either.....Meh
I read &#34;Sharp Objects&#34; by Gillian Flynn and thought I would try another one by her.  I was NOT disappointed!!  Once again, I loved her story!  So many twists and turns and you can;t stop reading!!  Many people have complained about the ending, but I didn't think it was bad.  Does every book ending have to be wrapped up with a nice little bow and a forever after?  Not the ending I expected, but that's one of the things I loved about the book; it was in no way predictable.  The end was fitting for sure!!  I would highly recommend this book.  On to another book by Gillian Flynn!!
Has to be one of the slowest start books that I have ever read. I fell asleep ready it several times. It took to 53% before the book good. At the ending it felt like even the author got tired of the book & just wanted to end it. Hence, the extremely abrupt ending. I felt cheated. After painfully trudging through the book and then getting an anti-climatic ending, I wanted to scream. Too many loose strings. The only bright side of the whole experience is I didn't waste money on it. I got it from my local library.
Gillian Flynn is a wonderful writer! Great book! It kept me hooked from beginning to end, I had a really hard time putting it down.
I loved this book and could not put it down.  The different twists and character changes really sucked me in.
I don't have a lot of time to read so I ditch books pretty early on if they don't keep my attention.  This one kept my attention!  The story was enjoyable and interesting and left me not wanting to put the book down.  It was entertaining and made me think some in trying to solve the mystery.  I would recommend as a fun read.
Nick & Amy.Two young aspiring writers who managed to find each other and who fell in love during warm summer nights, silly weekend trips and who bonded over all the whimsy and fun that NY offered them. Fast forward to their five year wedding anniversary and Nick is a mess and Amy nowhere to be found...Gone Girl is a story about a marriage that is hijacked buy something twisted, a need to play and make people learn their lessons. It's a highly intelligent and witty story with more plot contortions and turns than a labyrinth in the middle of a grand garden. I was surprised with myself when it ended that I still rooted for one character over the other, you think you know them but you don't ( just like with people in real life) and as with all books the reader will add his own personality to the enjoyment of the outcome.The writing style and the content reminded me of my favorites; Kate Christensen, Jennifer Egan, Greg Iles and some Hitchcock thrown it, the book will punch you in the gut and smack your in the chin and tell you to keep reading or else.. I had a blast diving into this story every time I opened the book and it's tales like this one that stay on my mind longer, parts of it cling inside and come up every once in a while when I rethink my favorite reads. I don't suggest that everyone jumps on the popular book band wagon because I don't really care about that status, read what speaks to you and if you love it then great, but I see people read it only to bash it with glee because it is popular, and that's just sad. Hating books because they are popular and wanting to rip them apart is more psycho than the actual characters in this book ... just saying!- Kasia S.
This book started off slow but begin to stump the reader when all  of a sudden, bam! This book was good
I looked forward to reading this.I wish I hadn't.There is not a likeable character amongst them. In fact, before I even found out what happened to her, I was hoping Amy *was* dead - which is a pretty extreme response to a literary character but she was THAT unlikeable. I stuck with it and got to the end and wanted to SCREAM. It made me physically react and not in a good way.I don't want to give away any plot lines but this was deeply unsatisfying, had very annoying characters and an infuriating ending.
I was captured by this book from the first page to the end.  It is a fascinating, fast-paced book that draws you in with the characters and the plot.  Many of the characters are horrible, detestable people, who probably have serious mental issues, but that doesn't take away from the interest in them.  As I read, I constantly wanted to know what was happening next.  Each chapter ended with a mini-cliffhanger that kept me reading late into the night.Be prepared for some characters you will hate, some plot points that will annoy you, and some adult language/scenes, but all of this contributes to a great read.A great book club book!  My book club read it and we had a great discussion!
A great book with excellent characters.  Twists and turns the whole way which keep you guessing.  I highly recommend it.
I read a lot but I rarely pay this much for a book because the truth is that they are rarely ever worth it. Not this time! I loved this book. I am an avid reader of mysteries/thrillers and within a few pages or chapters I have the entire story all wrapped up. About 50% of the way through, when I started to feel the same way and a little disappointed, this book threw me a twist that was so shocking I gasped out loud and I was thrilled about it. What a great plot. I enjoyed the writing style and the different first person accounts. It was really unique and different. It was entertaining and I couldn't put it down. Even better than that is I didn't want it to end. My feelings toward the characters were all over the place and my mind was spinning trying to figure out what was going to come next. It's a roller coaster that you want to keep riding over and over again.
I read this because it was highly recommended.  I now want to find each person who highly recommended it and lock them in a room with Martha Stewart, Donald Trump, Snooki and Caligula.  I figured those recommenders must find it great fun to hang out with cruel, self-obsessed, and intolerable people.  Aside from one secondary character who turns out okay in the latter pages, the folks who make up this novel are awful.  Told in alternating first person by husband Nick and wife Amy we get to read all about how terrible the Internet is for costing him his movie reviewing gig at a magazine.  We get to read how tragic it s that her trust fund is dwindling (awwww) and that they have to rent a fancy house upon relocating to Missouri.  Life sure is HARD for Nick and Amy!It gets harder for them--and us--as the novel progresses and then you hit the Big Twist.I'll tell you right now....and this is a PARTIAL SPOILER...If you want a REAL twist, read Jeffery Deaver or O. Henry.  Those authors can craft a story in such a way that the twist comes as an artful surprise born out of the story's construction.It is NOT a "twist" to simply tell the reader one thing for half the book and then suddenly say "ha! Fooled you! That wasn't true.  It was all fake." I completely LOATHE the Unreliable Narrator method of storytelling anyway, and to use that lazy construct and call it a "twist" is just...ugh.This may be the most talked about book of the summer...but it sure isn't the best.
This was a crazy plot - I read it for hours on end because I was so sucked in. Highly recommend because its so different from anything I've read before and I couldn't put it down.
This was such a good read...I love how the story is told from different characters...it makes you feel like you know them very well.  This book keeps you wanting more and although some didn't like the ending I was content with it.  All of her books are great.  I can't wait for her next one.
Read this for a book club.  There was a wide range of opinion - some of us really liked it, and others thought it appalling because of an cruel self-centered central character, but we couldn't stop talking about it.And that's the key to this - there is enough moral uncertainty, combined with an amazing series of plot twists that it is both a page flipper and a book that makes you think.I won't recap the plot, as so many have already done, but will mention that in addition to the main story, there is a great deal of social commentary about contemporary society that seems spot on.  Yet it is just woven into the thoughts of the main characters, so that only as you find yourself thinking about the comments later that you realize how skillfully they are woven in.
It was cool but i think i read too many reviews saying how great it was. I really only thought it was okay. Also, sort of depressing
Twists and turns that was scary good.  Surprised.  I didn't like the ending but definitely enjoyed the ride.  It was a quick read but not appropriate for young kids or teens.
I read this novel bit by bit, usually right before I went to sleep. I don't think it improved the quality of my sleep. It is spooky, disturbing, clever, well-written and it's own screwy way believable--maybe until the end. But even that is believable within the context of the whole story. A back and forth narrative on what it means to be in a compelling and difficult relationship. A good read.
Your crazy and my crazy fit perfectly together.  I couldn't stand Amy as I got to know her through her diaries, but when we got to really see her, I gained respect for her.  True love prevails.
It's been a long time since I read a book that falls so squarely into the adult-psychological-thriller category, and to be honest, I doubted whether I could really enjoy it. I often find that books in these categories are either a) completely unbelievable and I get eye strain from rolling my eyes so often, or b) the characters are so flat and transparent that I really don't give a fig about what happens to them.In Gone Girl, however, Gillian Flynn has created a story that is both believable but also stretched my imagination as a reader and characters that although definitely not in the likeable category were anything but flat.The story smacks of tension right from the beginning, and as the story progresses I found myself more and more drawn into the world of Nick and Amy and wanting to know more about them - their families, their relationship, their whole history together and how it related to what was happening in the current day.Gone Girl has some really good points for more thought too - were Amy's parents' overbearing and more than slightly over-protective nature so damaging on her psyche, or was she simply born the way she was, hard-wired into her brains? Was Nick's upbringing and his father part of the reason he felt it so difficult to connect with and empathise with his wife? Do we ever really know the person we are partnered with, or do they have a side that we never really see? Such questions are what makes this book a true psychological thriller, and so very hard to predict exactly what will happen next.My only criticism, and it's not even that, it's more a warning to other people that need to like at least one main character is that I found none of the main characters particularly likeable at all, with perhaps the exception of Nick's sister Go, who with her unique personality and sarcastic, dirty sense I felt quite an affinity with and I do wish she had played more of a part in the story. But for the most part, Nick, Amy, their parents and friends are either quite self-centred, arrogant people or they don't play a big enough role to really have an impact.And the million dollar question - the ending? I anticipated it because I wanted to know what happened, yet dreading it because I was really enjoying the twists and turns of the story, but in the end I can say I was pretty satisfied as a whole. It didn't feel rushed, contrived or unbelievable, and that's a true testament to the way that Gillian Flynn writes.
Super fun read and didn't go where I thought it was going to go.  She sets it up perfectly.  The whole time I was thinking &#34;this would make a great movie&#34; and lo-and-behold, it's in development with Ben Afleck.
What a pathetic ending.  I was on pins and needles the whole entire time I was reading, and towards the end I am getting anxious wondering how it was going to end, and then it just ended. It was over.  Right to the acknowledgements.  I started thinking it was Amy's acknowledgments for her book, but it wasn't.  It was the end of the book.  I am sitting here thinking there has to be more. There HAS to be more to this story.  I get that Nick was screwed, but come on.  Very disappointed.
I really enjoyed this book.  There were twists and turn and surprises throughout the book. Things I didn't see coming. It was really well thought out and a lot of detail, planning, and smarts went into this book.  It kept my attention through the whole book and I honestly did not know what was going to happen.
I don't know.  Stopped reading it halfway through, then took it up again some weeks later.  It was gripping, hard to put down, AND hard to sleep afterwards!  But NOT Nat'l Book Award candidate!
Could not put it down. I was sorry when I finished it. I thoroughly enjoyed the read. It held me the whole time
I had trouble getting &#34;into this book&#34; in the beginning, but so glad that I did.  I was fascinated by the twist that the author created in the story.
The fact that I love this book but hate the ending means the author did something right. It's amazing. The twists and turns will bring you to your knees and have you holding your breath! The fact that the ending was..what it was.. only lends to the books story. I hated this book and loved this book equally. Any writer who can evict those deep emotions from me with words is someone to be watched and read! Great work!
At first I thought this was another yuppy marriage trouble blah blah blah story. And then there are hints of...questions...it couldn't be, could it? Wait...and then...BAM. Amy starts narrating. And you can't help but sneer.You will change your mind about the characters over and over again...your head will be spinning by the time you finish this book. Keep reading. It WILL be worth it.Artful.
Like many readers who took the time to write a review, I too am feeling reader's remorse. After spending precious time reading what promised to be a good read, I finished the book feeling unsatisfied and to put it simply, annoyed! I wanted to punch someone in the face, thinking about the injustice the ending brings. I won't lie, the writing was impressive, it was witty, easy-to-follow, and I much enjoyed the dual perspective style. However, after experiencing 400+ pages worth of insanity, I was eagerly anticipating an amazing ending (no pun intended). Instead, we get an anticlimactic, WTF, kind of ending.I read somewhere that the author got stuck along the way and the editor helped finished it. And I see what the editor was trying to do... &#34;let's end it this way and get yourself ready to write a sequel, you better not get stuck this time,&#34; the editor probably said. So now, a Gone Girl movie will be released, in the end an actress playing the sociopathic Amy will be cradling her newborn baby in her ams and looking deviously into the camera as the credits start rolling. Then, a second Gone Girl book followed by a movie sequel will be announced thereafter. Hopefully then we'll get the much needed justice & closure to this over-the-top, batshit-crazy, story.
"Gone Girl" just became my all-time favorite novel beating out "The Time Traveler's Wife", "To Kill A Mockingbird", "The Great Gatsby" and, perhaps lesser known, "The Gargoyle", and "April & Oliver". Gillian Flynn just became my ultimate literary crush. As a writer of contemporary fiction, I have a true appreciation for the mastery of writing. Ms. Flynn's command of language, narrative, and dialog is a talent to behold. I first read the Kindle version of "Gone Girl"; and then I bought the hardcover copy so I could feed my incessant need to study her talent and better understand her literary technique and style. Flynn's ability to bring out both the worst and best in her characters is easily splayed across each and every page. No notion is left unexplored or unattended as Flynn effectively dismantles the romanticism that still persists around the quest for the perfect marriage, the perfect relationship, and in being the perfect beautiful couple for the world. Flynn toys with readers at the beginning and in her own fastidious way lets the story out in infinitesimal detail in the very first paragraph on page one:"What are you thinking, Amy? The question I've asked most often during our marriage, if not out loud, if not to the person who could answer. I suppose these questions stormcloud over every marriage: What are you thinking? How are you feeling? Who are you? What have we done to each other? What will we do?"Just the choice use of the verb stormcloud bowls me over. Wow.Readers slowly discern that handsome Nick Dunne is not all that he portrays himself to be and that his narcissism is not all that far removed from his reality, nor is he all that sorry about it.The unraveling begins. And, it takes a while for readers to realize it is "us"."Okay," we say, even as we start to guess what's gone wrong here. But, do we really know?And, just when we think we've figured it out, the story gets more sinister as Flynn subtly reminds all of us that this roller coaster ride is far from over. And,as she finesses further with growing intrigue, readers are introduced to Amy through a variety of diary entries. Invariably, readers will buy into all of this clever character's thoughts and feelings--hook, line and sinker. We're all but drowning in the psychotic push-pull of the back and forth narrative of these two, even while we sense the unraveling that exudes so deliberately from both Amy and Nick.Invariably, as readers, we will want to save the victims. But, which ones are they? Who do we save? Ourselves? Flynn flexes her literary brilliance throughout this novel, both in her ability to write and tell the story, but also in the subtle way she keeps all of us captivated by it...&lt;more> at: bit(dot)ly/GRsReviewGoneGirl
I can't imagine why this book was rated a 4 to 5 star book. I thought it was terrible. No one is that stupid.
I liked the book, but did not like the ending or the foul language.  The book was extremely well-written with strong characters.
I absolutely loved being consumed by this story -- while a bit dark and disturbing, I found a little of me in each of the characters... :)
I loved this book. Read it in two day's I couldn't wait to finish it and find out how it turned out. The ending was a real surprise. This was a fast paced dark thriller with great psychological themes throughout the book. Every other chapter was the husband or wife speaking. The twists and turns in the story were awesome. This couple would take the top prize for dysfuntional couples. It was interesting to have a female sociapath for a change. I thought this was a different story line than I have read in the past, I highly recommend it for its orginality.Gone Girl
Loy's of twists and turns throughout the book. I thoroughly enjoyed this books and will read more of Gillian Flynn's books.
I am not fond of books written in the first person. There were many story lines left out of the book, I like to have everything tied up. No more was said about the girlfriend or the neighbor but mostly nothing was said about Amy's parents. The story line with the father who was in the nursing home didnt go anywhere as far as him escaping all the time. it just didn't go anywhere. The book did make me think and wonder &#34; who done it&#34;. I am a little surprised that it made it on the best seller list for so long.
Wow!  From the first page, I was completely drawn in and couldn't put this book down.  What a view into the mind of a complete sociopath!
Although I found the complexity of the twists and turns by the author admirable, I found the book to be disbelievable. I think it would make a good Lifetime movie choice.
I ordered this for my Kindle so it arrived instantly.  It is really a good book too!!  It's still on the NY Times Best Seller List!
Pretty. Good. Read, storyline was. Good. With. Quite. A.Twist.Story. Drug. On. A. Little. Bit. Long for. My. Taste.  Didn't  hold. My. Attention.  But. Overall,  Good.
A simply riveting book! I could not put it down....and didn't dare pass it on! Too subversive for the young women I know!
I purchased this book because it was on the Best Seller list for so long I figured it must be a good read.  It IS a clever mystery novel with twists and turns that you keep you intrigued throughout.  The book is written in chapters that alternate between the husband and wife's narratives, which makes for a compelling read. If you are expecting a "who dunnit" that ties up loose ends in the last chapter, you will not get that satisfaction from this book.  It is, however, an intriguing mind-bending study of just how far a dysfunctional marriage can go!  I recommend this novel and it sounds like a movie version is in the works, so all the more reason to read it sooner rather than later!
I did not have any luck reading Gone Girl, and then an author I love said she liked it so I got it in Books on tape..Loved it. Just finished and it is definately full of hair pin turns. Nick and Amy became real and I will worry for quite a while about them. Very inventive way of setting up the story format. More Please.flag
Enough has been written about this book, but I will make a few observations.  Starts mysteriously, disappearance of wife, husband a suspect who is having an affair.  I enjoyed the book, but I didn't rush home from work each night to finish reading it.  It was hard to really care about any of the characters.  But it has enough interesting twists and turns that I wanted to finish it and find out what happened.  Unusal ending.  If I had it to do over again, I would have taken this book on my beach vacation, and finished it in a day or two.  Not anything to think about after you were done, but a good summer read.
I wanted a book that entertained me.  This book did it in spades. I was hooked from the first page.
Down to the last page. FLYNN gets how entangled love and death and sex and power...can be. Especially in a marriage.
This book had a different set of twists that although seemingly unlikely have haunting similarities to some situations I have known as a psychologist.  Interesting and new story line on an age-old problem of marital discord.
I honestly don't know how to rate this book. I'm giving it a 3 because the writing is excellent and the suspense is amazing. Halfway through the book I was telling everyone how wonderful it is. Then I got to the last few chapters and, honestly, I was nearly breathless with anticipation - and it just ended. Nothing, nada, zilch. No climax, no resolution, nothing. It was a good thing I read it on my Kindle or I would have thrown it out the window.There is no denying it is well written and has a terrific plot. Now, looking back on it, I can say, well, that was an interesting way to end it but emotionally it was awful. Sort of like making out with the partner of your dreams and then they fall asleep when you are really fired up. Oh well...
This book came very highly recommended and it didn't disappoint. Great character development and a story that just won't quit. The plot development is superb and of course the ending is what one would hope from such an good writer. I do plan to read it again.
This one will keep you up at night. Imagine yourself entwined with evil. What would you do to undo it?
This book was on my must read list and so I HAD to read it! I must say the twists and turns of this book was unreal! I'd never read a book like this before. I was a bit disappointed by the ending but the book as a whole was very good.
There is no need to outline the plot of GONE GIRL, so many other reviewers have already done so, and there's a good synopsis on the product page.Gillian Flynn has done a magnificent job of crafting a fine story filled with chameleon-like characters who live different definitions of truth and happiness. In the process she jerks the reader back and forth between sympathizing with and despising some of her characters, and each jerk is a satisfying jolt. GONE GIRL slyly comments on marriage, society, and the ways people manipulate or reconcile themselves to their situations. It is also an insightful study of how we see ourselves, and how we present ourselves--questioning if any of us are the individuals we think we are, or something that was formulated from pop culture.Despite the analytical aspect, GONE GIRL is thoroughly entertaining. It is so well written it makes many other current novels seem like punishments when we read them (after reading GONE GIRL, I immediately began another novel and found myself hating the author because it was so inferior). The story keeps us guessing--not "who done it?" but "what could possibly be next?"--and GONE GIRL is thoroughly engaging
These characters are the most vile people I have ever encountered. The plot twists were good, but Amy and Nick are terrible humans. I would have a hard time recommending this book because I don't want others to have to endure the worst married couple in literature.
I like to write reviews right when I end books because my emotions are fresh. I had so many different emotions while reading this I don't know where to start except to say it's a cross between Fatal Attraction and the Lacey Peterson / every other 'woman disappearing' story that you see on Nancy Grace. However the book took me through so many love it and hate it sequences that it's difficult for me to not at least give it 3.5 stars. 4 stars for if I didn't hate it so much but that's because of the excellent writing making me invest in the characters. Read the book. Decide for yourself but stick with it - it's a whirlwind.
This was one of those books that was definitely a page-turner. There were so many twists and turns that I was always surprised - and not always pleasantly surprised. The writing was solid, the characters well-developed and the plot was masterful. Not only was it a suspenseful novel, but it gives the reader lots to think about in terms of relationships and expectations. This was one of the best books I've read in a long time!
Kept me guessing in the beginning...good read but didn't really like the twist toward the middle of the book. Overall, good book but in my opinion not worth the hype I had heard...
I did not enjoy this book.  The topic was pitiful, the story was pitiful and I'm not sure WHY I finished it.
Brilliant writing...dizzying convolutions, yet utterly fascinating. Highly recommended for the sheer suspense. The storyline is  so "out there"  that my ability to be seriously distressed  quickly gave way to an obsessive need to simply know what happened next.
I could hardly put this book down.  I was morbidly fascinated with these two people who so willingly made role-playing their lives.  We all play various roles at home, at work, during our leisure and charitable activities. But Amy and Nick take it to a frightening extreme. I found the book well-written and worth the time I spent on it. I was a little disappointed in the ending, as i found it somewhat predictable.
Not my usual genre, but it spent so much time on the best seller list, and others in my book club recommended it,so I took a chance.  it had me going from the very beginning!  It got a little draggy in a few spots but sure did surprise me at others.  I love when my prediction of the ending is wrong.
People have such strong emotional reactions to this book: they either like it or they dislike it.  It is a discussion worthy book.What amazed me was how seamlessly the author wove in character studies while never slowing down the suspense driven plot.  Even more exciting is that I was provoked into thinking about relationships, and then of my own marriage while reading Nick and Amy's perspectives.
I loved this book! First book in a long time that I couldn't put down. It constantly kept me guessing as to who the characters really were. The two main characters had equal parts contemptable characteristics and admirable characteristics. The ending perfectly suited them both.
Loved the book... hAted the ending....This book was a great mystery.  Was caught off guar by the ending.  Wow..
So many twists and turns.  Every time you are sure you have it all figured out, the story takes you to another place.
A friend recommend this author and book to me. But this book was so crazy, I couldn't ever finish reading it.  I really waste my money on this one!
This well written novel is hard to put down, as it keeps your interest with new twists.  A chilling story of a darker side of intrigue.
This is the worst book I have ever read. It was a chore to finish it but I never quit on a project. Don't waste your time with this twisted book.
Gillian Flynn has become one of my favorite new authors. Excellent book! Highly recommend all of her books, pager turners that hold your attention.
Loved the book until the end. I had I thought about all the wonderful ways the story could end, but I was actually mad when I came to the last page. If not for the ending I would have given it 5 stars.
I found the story line a copy cat and couldn't wait for the the last page and ending.  The ending was a total let down and was glad when I was finished with Gone Girl: Not a novel I would not recommend!
The beginning is slow so I didn't know what all the hype about this book was about. Trust me once you reach 80 pages in you can't put it down. It keeps you guessing and guessing til the very end of the book. One of the best books of all time.
I liked the main character's teasing us about his guilt or innocence throughout the first half of the novel.  I liked the wife's manufactured diary.  I was not happy with the ending.  A blackmail marriage arrangement.  I grew to despise the wife with a vengeance.
I think the author is brilliant...so many twists and turns and for me a completely unexpected ending. Gillian has an amazing imagination to think up all the angles in this novel. It is a pretty fast read because you dont want to put it down. I would recommend it, and I will be reading another one of her books.
It took me forever to get into this book, but I kept reading because of reviews and a friend's recommendation. At about 50% it started to pick up for me. The ending was also unsatisfying.
Well written and exciting crime/mystery novel.  I couldn't put it down.  I strongly recommend this book.  I read it in 2 days.
This book had so many twists and turns! I would think it was going one way and then there was a complete shift and then another complete shift after that. It was compelling, but creepy and left me feeling a bit disturbed that anyone could be so conniving and manipulative, cold and patiently calculating. Whew!
Could not put this book down. Begging is hard to get through but once you get into a few chapters you are hooked. good book.
I was SO pleasantly surprised with this book. I hadn't heard anything about it. A co-worker recommended it to me. It was amazing. The plot twits and turns are so totally unexpected ! The characters are so real. The internal struggles and thoughts of all the characters are staggering. As each chapter developed I found myself being unable to read quietly - I was either expressing shock out loud or laughing at myself for being so shocked at the plot twists. I have told everyone I know to read this book ! It is a really fun read.
This book kept me guessing and thinking! I absolutely love that crazy lady! Very well written and the characters stay true throughout the book.
Started reading this book and thought I knew where it was heading....wow, was I wrong! Enjoyed it so much I'm buying more of her books.
This is a must . brilliant and it grips you from start to finish. I AM NOW DOWNLOADING ANY BOOKS FROM THIS WONDERFUL AUTHOR
I couldn't put this book down!  It was dark and twisted and full of unexpected plot twists!  Wonderfully written and brilliantly finished.  I love how real the ending was!  Perfect!
This book is twisted. From the beginning you can tell that there is an extremely interesting dynamic between the two main characters. ... and it only gets more messy. Although it took a while to get really into the book, once you start part two it's hard to put down.
This story had me guessing all the way to the end.  What a twist!  Sociopathology under a microscope!  The device of different diaries from the perspective of both sides of the couple was unique.
WHAT A TERRIFIC NOVEL.  THE TWISTS AND TURNS WERE SO AMAZING I COULD NOT BELIEVE WHAT I WAS READING, YET IT ALL WAS MADE PLAUSIBLE BY MS. FLYNN'S WRITING.  TO SAY ANYMORE WOULD GIVE TOO MUCH AWAY.
Gone Girl book is awful.  I do not read books oranything else containing the F word.  This book,within the first few pages uses it twice.  Thatis enough for me to trash it.  If possible I'd likea refund and would like Amazon to remove it frommy Kindle Fire and 2nd Generation Kindle.Vulgar.
I'm a fan of Ms Flynn- but Gone Girl didn't really deliver. Having both the Husband and Wife as narrators was effective, but the plot/story line did not grab me at any point in the story. I found the ending to be very unbelievable.
Lots of twists. Hard to figure out. That's difficult to find in today's books. Read it in one day. Really enjoyed it
The promise of suspense and mystery were what pulled me in, but the characters were not likable, sympathetic, or credible.
I don't understand the hype. I just don't.Characters - Surprisingly, I don't mind Nick. I don't care about his little &#34;slip&#34;. He is just your typical human being who makes mistakes or wrong choices in life.Amy is just....blah. The author is trying REALLY hard to create this character that is manipulative and conniving and smart and pretty and always getting what she wants. All of these things she has done get old really fast. Like once you learn what's truly happening, it gets old that very instant.I finished the book because I wanted to see if that was a twist at the end that would change my opinion but I ended up wasting my time. It was just endless &#34;Amy did this first, then that, and then guess what, she also did that because she has already thought of that (because she is so smart), and then because of this she also had to do that, and even though that happened, it was ok, Amy always had a plan, and then that and this and that and happy ending!!&#34;Out of the 3 books, I have to say this is the worst (Dark Places being the least rotten tomato) or closely tied with Sharp Objects (should I write a review about this one also? It is not going to be pretty, either). It is clear to me now Gillian Flynn is not going to be earning any more of hard earned money anymore.
3 stars for keeping me glued to the pages for about 75% of the book. You want to, no wait, you just HAVE to know what happens so you keep reading. (and I think this is why the reviews for this book are so skewed)For me - there was a point for which the story turns and when that happens the book goes from I HAVE TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS to WILL THIS BOOK EVER END because I do not care about it anymore!??I wish the author would have gone a different route with the end of the story. It left me feeling bored and annoyed.
I didn't finish the book because it didn't grab my attention the way I needed it to in the first few chapters.
Great, easy read, love the plot twist! It is a real page turner and the unreliable narrators keep you guessing.
"Gone Girl" follows the lives of Nick and Amy, two very flawed people who lose everything they have: their jobs, Amy's trust fund and their New York townhouse. When Amy mysteriously disappears, Nick becomes the obvious suspect and an intense, nail-biting ride ensues, for both Nick and the reader.
To be honest, when I first began reading this book, I was not all that impressed. Action took a while to set in, but when it did... boy! I sure spent my money right! This is another one of those stories where when you try to predict what will happen next it is never what you thought it was. The suspense and the mystery wrapped me in its cocoon and trapped me there. Gillian Flynn sure did quite the number in this!Like I said before, the only fault I could detect of this book is that the action was slow-coming. No matter though. A setting had to be developed somehow, right? :)I would recommend this to anyone that likes surprises, hanging onto every word, and sitting on the edge of your seat out of anxiousness to know what comes next. Hopefully, you will enjoy it like I did (and continue to do)!
The first 90% of the book was completely amazing. (Great characters, interesting story, twists and turns) The last 10% of the book was a total disappointment. I felt like the author just gave up on the story. I would have given it a 5 star rating if it ended differently.
If yout haven't read this book, I recommend you not read this review or any others, actually. Part of the fun is not having any idea what's going to happen. You will be [[SPOILED]] if you keep reading.I loved Gillian Flynn's writing. I haven't read a book written with really high-quality writing in a while, and this book was delicious just for its use of language alone. I also thought she mastered the unreliable narrator device in Part 1. I didn't feel like it was contrived, and I felt like with mere clauses, Ms. Flynn cast doubt on Nick's motives and with each revelation, I felt a "wow" moment.The character of Amy Elliott Dunne is one of the creepiest villains in modern literature. She is a real psychopath. It was amazing how I did a complete 360 within pages of starting Part 2. The depth of her psychosis is terrifying.For the quality of writing and the plot, which kept me turning pages right to the end, I give this book 4.5 stars. For the story itself, closer to 4 stars, and the ending, as far as my sense of personal satisfaction, about 2.5 stars.The problem with making Nick seem so suspicious in Part 1: We never get to understand WHY he was acting cold and distant, not worried, and in fact why he kept saying "This is how the worried husband is supposed to act now." I believe it is because Nick was so consumed with making people like him, with acting "right," that he was unable to act genuinely at all. I feel sorry for him, especially by the end, because I think he really has no identity. He is who Amy makes him/wants him to be.I was quite disappointed in the ending. I wanted Amy to "get hers" so badly. I wanted to see her taken down as meticulously as she took down those she felt wronged her. I wish Flynn could have orchestrated Amy's take-down as masterfully as she created such a demented character. I believe this likely was the ending Flynn wanted, though. The villain wins. NIck lives in terror and fear. And God help the child!Part of me wonders if we'll see Nick and Amy again. I feel like this ending lends itself perfectly to a sequel!
Highly suspenseful, exciting, suprising, and would have been much better with less than half of the course language!  I found all the 4 letter words distracting, and more than once I almost put the book away.  I wouldn't read another book by this author, if it started off with the same course language.
Plot twists at every turn! You're on his side, you're on her side, you don't know what to expect! A definite page turner. Very well written and I plan to read every book by this author!
Quite a few twists and turns but pretty unbelievable, I managed to finish it but more from stubborness than being enthralled..
Not a great book.  I kept expecting something to happen and then the book was finished and there was no realconclusion.
Now I know why it's still #2 on the NYT fiction list.  The first few chapters seemed a little slow, but then I couldn't put it down.  It would make a great summer read!!!!
Every time I thought I knew just exactly where this plot was headed, it did a triple somersault.  Really enjoyed the book.  I found it suspenseful and difficult to put down.
Loved the pace and intrigue of this book. The book has complex characters and great tale. I found I couldn't put it down.
Masterful use of unusual twists and turns. Very well thoughtout. Characters you love to hate. Find I keep changing my opinion about each character as they weave their complex web.
This was my FIRST book on my Kindle (which was a gift) and I loved it!!I will be ordering another soon.  K
So different from any novel I have read.  A must read.  Torn from a dateline NBC headline, its another side to a typical husband cheats and kills wife story.
At this point, I'm only within the first 60 pages of this book. However, there's something I find very disconcerting with the kindle version. I had to switch my settings from showing "time to read" because my book is telling me I have 10 hours in the chapter. (It really means in part one of the book which has many chapters). I don't know if it has something to do with the fact that the chapters themselves don't say "Chapter 1" etc. It was really bugging me, but I thought maybe it was only me. Then a friend of mine reading the same book mentioned that the same thing was happening to her. I just had to come mention it.Edit: January 23, 2014So, I finally finished this book.... what do I say? I hate it!SPOILER from here on:It reminds me of Rosemary's Baby. The problem in the story never gets resolved. I don't believe in settling, which is why it infuriates me that I have spent over a week reading this crap. The grammar and language was great. That's not my complaint.First of all, either main character was likable. The first part of the book was a bore. I could barely make it through the story. I'm a fast reader but it took me about 5 days just to make it to part 2. I almost game up and stopped reading. I probably should have. But then the second part was amazing. I couldn't put the book down. But all good things must come to an end, some sooner than others. Part 3 started and it was pretty much like part one. However, I figured things will be resolved. Well it never happened and I really hope that she has some other version of this story with an alternative end that I could buy and get some satisfaction out of.I'm extremely disappointed. For such a great literary work, the story ended terribly.
I got this book a few months ago when it was $5 but I didn't end up start reading it until last week. But once I started, I was hooked! I started this book hating Nick, and comparing him to Scott Peterson when I would talk about the book. But at the second half of the book, I loathed Amy. I could not put the book down though!I don't get how people can say they hated the ending though. I loved it and even find myself thinking of how Nick and Amy would be NOW. If they would be divorced or still miserable together, if Amy would sabotage her son's friends or anyone else. I like that it didn't end on a happy or somber note, but on a cliffhanger.
Each time I thought I'd figured it out, there was another twist. Well written, captivating and smart. Can't wait to see the movie version!
Psychoanalysts would have a great time analyzing the characters in this book!!!--Whew.  Well written, certainly thought-provoking.  Not sure about the ending.....
Have you ever read a book that just goes too far over the edge into insanity? This is one of those books !  I liked their life in New York but after they moved to the Ozarks, Amy went way, way past sanity to the bazaar. From the time she was gone for the rest of the book, I had no interest in her and wanted her to kill herself but only if it was obvious that Nick had nothing to do with it. I hated this book!
I was very apprehensive about buying this book after reading all the 1 star reviews that complained about the ending. I enjoyed the book, right up to, what I thought, was the last chapter, and it did disappoint me. Until I turned the page to what was actually the last chapter.Those who complained obviously didn't &#34;get it&#34; at all.
but this author can do it.  I was just sucked into this story and never saw the twists coming!  One of the things that I've noticed about Gillian's writing is that I really dislike most of her characters, but I just have to keep reading about them.  I would love to sit down with her over dinner and find out if she's known most of these despicable people in her lifetime, because most of them are really nasty, selfish individuals.  She's always fun, always disturbing, and if you read one of her novels and don't want to read another one, then we can't be friends.  Just kidding - we can be friends, but probably the kind that only exchange Christmas cards.  Make that emails.
Outstanding.  The story is told from two different perspectives.  There are many unexpected twists, and a few you can see coming.  Very engaging.  Plan to spend the afternoon because you won't want to put it down!
I couldn't put this book down.  There are some bizarre, crazy twists that I was never expecting and an ending to match.  But I loved every minute of it.
People are saying they didn't like the ending to this book.  I agree it wasn't "satisfying" but it was believable.  This plot was so unbelievable that it was believable.  Aren't the best true stories always the things that we never would have been able to imagine?  This book kept me totally enthralled. If you want something predictable read something else.  I think this will make a great movie!
Enjoyed this book so much that ordered her other two novels.  I liked Sharp Objects, but Gone Girl is much more complex and riveting.  Do yourself a favor and read this one!
I really liked this book a lot. I read it about a year after most of my friends, but the twist still surprised me. I don't want to give anything away about the plot, but I'd highly recommend it.
The author had a clever idea, but none of it rang true.  Are police really that stupid?  Does the medical community ignore donor rights?  The ending was very contrived and read like she wanted to write a movie script for a Lifetime movie - complete with the opportunity for a sequel.  I would not bother to read this book, nor another book by the author.
It was confusing and quite strange. Some parts were okay, but overall...weird. I would not recommend this read to anyone.
STOP reading reviews...get this, read it....don't ruin it for yourself by reading too much about it.  Here's what you do need to know...if you can answer yes to any of these...then read it.1. love good writing?2. love characters that are real?3. love realistic suspense whereby you do not have to suspend disbelief to buy the story/plot line?4. ever been confused by your spouse or significant other?SOLDRead it!!  I've read this author's prior two novels and they were good.  This is fantastic!  Start with this one if you are new to Ms. Flynn.
This book was recommended to me but I lagged around reading it. Sorry I did. This book was great. The plot and characters were fascinating.
You need a high tolerance for the crazes.  After getting though it to be left with the possibility of what was to come next left me quite depressed. Our book club discussion was similar to my coments with some enjoying a bit more than I did.
This story had me on my toes as the storyline developed. Definetly a must read. When you get halfway through the book the story will totally turn on you and you fly through the pages trying to figure out  what happens.
I let time go by, just as I did with the "shades" trilogy that even the newscasters talked about. I can only give thanks for free library reading. This book is vulgar and disgusting in every possible way. I feel certain I will not ever read another best seller.
From the very start of the book I was captured by the characters and wanted to learn more about them. With each chapter I wanted to discover what was going to happen next. The book is nothing less than a page turner that leaves you with the feeling of disappointment and regret! Regret that you wasted your time on what should have been a classic mystery novel.Flynn displays talent as a being able to write with eloquence. However, she disappoints by showing her inability to bring a story to fruition. The reader is left with a terrible taste of injustice and wrongdoing.
Oh this book...It's been a long time since I've read a book I couldn't put down. I'd tell myself, "I'll finish with this chapter" but then the chapter would end on a cliffhanger and I'd have to keep going.The book is divided into three sections.  The first is the POV of husband Nick the day (and subsequent days) his wife disapears, the proceeding chapter will be from Amy's diary detailing their first meeting, early years of marriage, and growing problems.  The second part of the book continues to rotates chapter from Nick's present day to what happened to Amy.  The third part wraps everything up.I was continuously suprised by the twists and reveals in the book.  The characters are not entirely loveable, but, I did love the story, especially Amy's description of a "Cool Girl".  It's simply wonderful.  One of the themes is how women pretend to be interested or act in a way society and (some) men consider to be ideal (loving beer, Brazilian waxes, and not being "clingy")and how it's kind of sad women need to put on this show.  Especially at the expense of hiding what you're really feeling or want.As people have said the ending is... not what I wanted.  I don't want to ruin it but it keeps building up this idea that someone is not only an insanely genuis criminal mastermind but also has the most ridiculously luck.  Things keep falling in this persons favor -again and again- and it gets annoying but I'm just waiting for said person to be punished.  Everything keeps building and building, then it abruptly platueas and ends.I do love the author's writing style, critique of relationships, gender roles, and society.  It's pitch perfect until the end, but I would definitely recommend it and read more of her books.
Even if you don't usuallly read mystery or thriller type genre novels, you'll enjoy Gone Girl.  It's a page-turner, but also a very smart, well-written novel.  You could read it just for the plot, but it's also a biting social critique of our national obsession with crime-related news.  The author also explores some very real dynamics in relationships by taking them to their most terrifying extreme.  Who hasn't pretended to be his or her best self at the beginning of a relationship?  And what happens when you finally get to know who the other person really is?  How much do we have to overlook in our spouse or how much do we change ourselves in any marriage? It certainly rasises some questions about society's ideals regarding romance and marriage in contrast to the imperfect reality.  It will leave you shaken and unsettled, which is why I think some have been critical of the ending, but it will leave you thinking.
I have read Flynn's novels in order they were published (I read them all in the last week or so).  My favorite of the bunch was Sharp Objects because it was so twisted.  Gone Girl is pretty twisted as well.  The book starts out slow but steady and gets more gripping until finally the ending hits a crescendo like the symbols smashing together at the end of Hitchcock's Man Who Knew To Much. I think Alfred would have made a terrific movie out of this.  At some  point in the book, even the term "MacGuffin" was used, a word coined to describe a Hitchcock plot device.  Did I love the ending?  No, but I would categorize Flynn's novels in the horror genre and the ending is horrifying.  You aren't always going to get satisfaction or a feeling of justice served.  Some of the one star reviews say they were going to give it 4 stars until the ending.  I think if you can make that many people upset by the ending then you have done a job well done.  I recommend this book.  It is fun, frightening and nobody does dysfunctional relationships like Flynn does.
I really don't like reading book reviews that summarize the book, discuss characters, and reveal key plot points.  For me, this is unnecessary.  All I really want to know is if you liked the book, if it was a page turner and if you didn't, what issues did you have with it. Having said that, here is my review:A friend suggested this book, and I really had no idea what it was about.  At first blush, it seemed to read like a re-imagining of the Scott Peterson's murder of his wife, Lacy.  So in the beginning, I was rolling my eyes a bit, because the story seemed oh so familiar-- but then comes the switch, and with this unexpected twist, this book becomes compelling.The author writes in a manner that is smooth and flowing, and the plot moves right along.  There may not be flowery descriptive prose here-- but sometimes, that can be a distraction.  If you pick up this book, and believe that you already know where it is going, wait a minute--keep reading.  You'll be glad you did.
A title with many meanings. This book had me going until the moment when everything changed and my mind was blown. I must have said, &#34;NO WAY!! It can't be&#34; out loud several times. Definitely had a nice twist. If you like the suspense thriller with a little bit of romance, you have to read this. Can't wait for the movie.
I loved this book. A story about a husband and wife who cannot trust each other. Due to the switching narrator the reader experiences the same feelings as those characters, who is telling the truth? Difficult to put down.
Flynn really has a way with words and grabs your attention from the get-go.  i couldn't put it down and was so excited to share it with friends and family...but then i got to the end and it totally turned me off.  i felt confused, deflated, and cheated.  to me it felt like she got too close to her deadline, and just got lazy so just threw together an ending and pushed send.i'm hoping her other books can change my mind.
I was a little put back by the story but it had a good plot line once you get into the book.  I thought it was interesting how it was broken down into the parts.
I read it in 2 days. I just couldn't put it down!  The writing was superb and the plot thickened until the end - and here I sit with my mouth open, craving more!
This book was brilliantly written, and had me on the edge of my seat until the end. Flynn is really good at developing characters. You didnt know which end was up when reading the book, and that was a good thing! I love all 3 of her books and anxiously await the next
J. Moore - My thoughts exactly.  I finished this book feeling downright depressed.  The book was filled with so many twists and turns, but then the ending was as though the author had painted herself into a corner and had nowhere to go.  So she had a deadline, and she just ended it.  Such a disappointing ending! No resolution, just a pathetic attempt at a "last word".  I feel ripped off, too because this Kindle download was rather expensive.  And now that I've finished it, I can't delete it from my library fast enough.I gave this book two stars because the twists throughout the book kept me reading.  But ultimately,  it was just too disturbing and depressing for my taste.
I was up until 2am finishing this book. Even though I was incredibly tired, I couldn't put it down until I figured out how it ended. In fact, I started reading it the night before we left for our Estes Park vacation and had to force myself to keep it shut until on the way home so I wouldn't ignore my family the whole time we were away. Once it was open again, I was completely absorbed in the twists and turns of this story.Updated to add - one of the things I think really appealed to me about this story is that it was set in Carthage, MO area, which is close to where I grew up. I was very familiar with the setting and the characters being referred to throughout the book.I don't want to give anything away, but Gone Girl is a story about marriage, relationships and revenge with a whole lot of crazy thrown in. It's a thrilling, twisted, insanely good read. I felt like the ending could have given a bit more closure, but other than that, loved it. I gave it 5 Stars.
Wow, I didn't have any idea what this book was about or where it was going to head -- what a page-turner! Looking forward to seeing it come to life visually when David Fincher makes the movie with Ben Affleck as Nick and the other well-casted actresses and actors. I highly recommend this book!
I enjoyed this book, it was a good thriller to read on a rainy day. I just don't feel it was that strong. The characters felt flat to me, very one-dimensional. The plot twists were predictable, I almost always knew what 'twist' would come next. I did think it was a fun read, just not a great one.
Gillian Flynn is one of my new favorite authors after reading this novel.  This thriller twists and turns -- I wasn't sure who was the bad guy from one part to the next.  No figuring out 'who dunnit' for me -- loved it.
All the twists and turns in the plot had me struggling to put this book down.  Characters were well developed, and just when you started feeling sorry for, or frustrated by one of them, the author changed direction and had you reconsidering.  The ending left me wanting more though... maybe there will be a sequel?
Read it for book club.  I was so absorbed that I finished it in two days,even with twin 13 month olds!!!
As you may have garnered from the other 15K reviews, Gone Girl is the story of the vindictive unraveling of the Dunne marriage.  Amy and Nick Dunne are both brilliant, both egocentric, and both wholly unlikable characters--and yet it's impossible to stop reading them.  Even scarier, especially to anyone who has ever been in a long term relationship, totally relatable.  They may be sociopaths, but they highlight a lot of the super-petty issues common in relationships. If you're like me, you'll put the book down every so often to hug your spouse.  But, I digress, this is not a relationship-aid, it just has an element of rude awakening mixed in, it is, an amazing mystery/thriller.  When the mystery unravels the book is far from over, and you're still wondering what's going to happen, in the long run, to the main characters.  I don't want to give too much away, so I'll stop with that.  While some have said they're unsatisfied with the ending, I say, yes it's unsatisfying but it's PERFECT.  Of course that's what would happen.  If you've read the 400+ pages preceding the end, the ending shouldn't seem at all surprising.  It's an aptly just punishment for both of them.
I was ready to give this four stars and recommend it to all my friends, but I was so disappointed by the ending.  It was a huge anticlimax that was neither here nor there.  Very disappointing.
I bought this book because it was at the top of many lists but what a waste of time and money. This is the slowest book I ever read for this kind of money. The narrative is fine but the story is boring and slow. A lot of fuzz in the middle for the same. the book  or outcome of the book doesn't change with or without all these pages.Very disappointed!
OMGBy 20% you might think"Hey that person didn't do it."But then stuff keeps piling up to prove you wrong.Then 50% though you like holy carpI you were like me you shoutI just knew itBut I didn't realize that while I was rightI had no Dam idea how epic the reason why I was right.Then as things progress it just continuously addsSo the epic gets more epic.The last page hits you twice hard. The last sentence will both piss you off when you realize there is no next page, but you might cry with happiness once you realize that last page was the very best way to end itNOTHING like this has ever been done.This is only this author's 3rd book....my 1st.They will have a movie fall 2014It may be good and I will go and see it just to see how lame it is....As there is no way they can capture the scope and holy crap of this story.
This is one of those weird works that I have a hard time reviewing.  It had an interesting format, and it was certainly a page turner...you want to see what happens....but then it was like..."What? all this work for that conclusion?"  I think the author let her self out of the book too easily, and in so doing, took and interesting story and made it just "OK".  Considering that, I think she was perhaps trying to make a statement of some sort.  Whether it was about men, relationships, or life, I cannot be sure, but it left me with a confused nagging head shake..."What the hell was that?"
I suppose that I should devise a better term than *writer's porn,* because I certainly don't mean to imply that this is a dirty book (only one scene depicting venery, and it's deliberately not titillating).  Except for a brief time in the late `60s (of which we must never speak) our Victorian-puritanical tradition frowns on a writer revealing his or her sexual fantasies to the public, and I agree. But what's even worse, rather than a writer displaying his or her libido, is showing off how fancy and clever she can write.I don't wanna see it!Away with the excessive description! Stop with the cutesie adjectives and adverbs! "My eyes flipped open at exactly six A.M. This was no avian fluttering of the lashes . . ."  >Avian&lt; fluttering??  Get it? Oh, how precious! You know -- as opposed to . . .  uhm . . . *lepidopteran* fluttering?  Gimmie a break!Even worse is my pet peeve, the Rancid Simile: " . . . staring out from behind the  picture, floating in the dark like some sad aquarium fish."  Fie on such artifice and gimmickry!  Just tell the damn story!The worst fad of all is telling the story Out! Of! Sequence!  Jumping back-and-forth in time!  Y'know how feminists are always saying, "That's NOT funny!"? Well, telling a story out of sequence is NOT clever. Nor is it even remotely original. Attention writers! It's been done to death, so stop doing it!Pulp Fictionis a great movie, but a special desk in Hell awaits all the novelists who imitate it.The essential trouble with Gone Girl is that it is overwritten.  The basic plot, the missing wife/psycho mystery [SPOILER ALERT: the mother-in-law did it!], is well thought out, nicely done, but whatever suspense it generates is dissipated by pages and pages of Hamburger Helper. At 419 pages, this is a fine novel, but if all the blague had been left out and the book weighed in at, say, 275 pages, it would have been a masterpiece.I don't mean to exaggerate the novel's weakness, and by the end I felt that it was a satisfying read . . . until I remembered all the stops-and-starts it took to reach the destination. (But pay no attention to the reviews that complain about the ending. Over-the-top, but it's the best part.)It seems to me that the real test of a writer, the genuine challenge, is >not&lt; how ornamental and flowery the writing can be made.  You've heard The Star-Spangled Banner sung by a female singer in a melismatic style, with all sorts of added trills and scales, but does that actually improve the song?  If you're old enough to remember when guys used to customize cars, you'll recall that the first thing the hotrod boys would do was to de-chrome the body -- take all the trim and gewgaws off -- and that's also what makes the auto styling of today sthetically superior to the monstrosities of the 1950s: simpler, more streamlined and less ornamentation.  Likewise, that's unmistakably what's wrong with this novel: too much chrome and tailfins.The goal of a really talented writer should be to see how much of everything which is nonessential can be jettisoned.  Less is More. Short, declarative sentences. That's the lesson authors should all have learned from Hemingway. Popular author Michael Connelly has leaned this, and it's a pleasure to see that in each successive novel, Connelly's writing has become more sparse and basic, and this has paradoxically improved the quality of his work. It's ironic that Ms. Flynn has here devised a superior plot and more interesting characters (the entire story is a monstrously exaggerated allegory of a typical marriage), but she ruined the novel by showing off her guns.Another case of writer's porn.
This is a crazy novel! So crazy I'm still trying to work out whether I enjoyed it or not! If you want manipulation of one marital partner's mind by another - and the reverse - then you've got it here in trumps.
I read this almost 2 years ago......great writing, could not turn the pages fast enough.  I still dislike the ending of the book.  Great book.....my personal option bad ending.  Lol
Just as I was getting bored with the story a very surprising twist gave it new life.  As clever as the book was the ending seemed like a cop-out as if the author couldn't imagine what happened next so he just left it unsettled.
It's almost like Gillian Flynn either couldn't figure out how to end it after all the twists and turns or she just gave up! You could take that as a sign that the rest of the book was so good that I am this upset about the ending. But you could also say it was a frustrating read BECAUSE the rest was so good.
This book had me staying up late at night reading. This book took unexpected twists and turns. I must say I hated the ending.
I read it all after putting down and picking up again when bored. I liked a few plot ideas like the anniversary hints left around town to mess with his head, etc. What I don't understand and will never agree with is how on earth this book made it to,,, "amazon book of the month" def not even worthy of an honorable mention. I do give kudos for taking a shot, and feel this writer has potential though!I enjoyed following Amy's evil/crazy/unpredictable story. I did not like her, or sympathize with her at all, so I just give her credit for every time it looked like check mate. If there was a second book with these 2, I would read it though, just so I could hopefully cheer on whom ever takes Amy on. Inother words,,,keep writing Gillian!
Loved this book, probably because it was so different from anything else I've ever read! Quite dark and twisty, but I was never able to figure out what was coming next, which is so much fun. A wonderful, intriguing read.
I loved this book!  I enjoyed the writing style from the very first chapter and the characters pulled you in immediately.  I wanted to read it whenever I had a few minutes to myself.  The main characters seemed believable but kept you second guessing yourself as the story developed.  I will recommend this to my friends.
Finished in less than 24 hours.  Could not put it down...it kept me guessing.  But very weird ending.  I'm not sure what to think.
One of the reasons I read &#34;Gone Girl&#34; is because I read that it was being made into a film.  I liked Gillian's &#34;Dark Places&#34; and I truly felt it would be much better to read the book BEFORE having my thoughts tainted by a film (I like creating my own mind characters.I really enjoyed the book.  I liked the way it moved.  Viewing two different perspectives as the book goes along really reminds one of the adage &#34;There are three sides to every story.  Your's, their's and the truth.&#34;The pages turned quickly as I read.  I seriously could not get enough.  I knew there was a surprise to come, but I didn't expect it at all.  It was interesting reading a story where really, there is no good guy.  You feel a little duped at first, and really, that is the fun.If you like your story with some wrinkles and flawed characters, and I do mean FLAWED, this is the story for you.  You definitely will not get the warm fuzzies.  Still I liked how the book made me think.
Think you've given up reading anything longer than a magazine article?  No time?  No interest in the longer form anymore?  Attention span has evaporated?  If you read only one novel this year, make it "Gone Girl," by Gillian Flynn.  As much a commentary on marriage as it is a thriller, this story is hugely compelling, superbly crafted and twisty right up to the end.  You will ditch your chores, cancel appointments and stay up all night to finish it. You're welcome.
This is my second Gillian Flynn novel & I've got to say she is an author to watch. Her books are amazing, complex, character driven thrillers. I can't wait to read more.Gone Girl was a great book. In a nutshell it's about Amy Dunne, a woman who goes missing on her 5th year wedding anniversary. The book rotates from her husband Nick's POV as the investigation goes on & he becomes the prime suspect, to Amy's POV through past diary entries. It's impossible to say much more without giving stuff away but this was a great way to see how different both characters view things.But there's so much more going on. It's disturbing, it's thrilling, it's all over the place. It's insightful & unsettling the way Flynn writes about people, marriage,'relationships, men & women.  Both characters are richly drawn & I found myself being unable to put the book down until I finally knew what was going on.You will not be disappointed if you read this book.....but it may leave you glancing at your significant other, wondering, how well can one person really know another?
It was so hard to put this book down.  Just when you think you have it all figured out you are in for a tantilizing change in events that will blow you away!  It also makes you question your own behavior - are you keeping your marriage interesting enough? does your husband still desire you?
The first half of the book went along in a way that I could tell something very strange was going on in these peoples lives.  The second half is engagingly surreal and I was shocked at the many levels of surprise endings.  Couldn't put it down.
I thought this book was going to be an average murder mystery but it's not and I loved it for it.  I haven't read any other books by this writer but I will now. I cannot reveal too much about the plot of the book without giving important details away so I will just give a brief overview.  When the book begins, Amy Elliot Dunne, wife of handsome writer Nick Dunne, has gone missing and we see their points of view in different timeframes;  hers through diary entries when they first met in NYC and his through the current day, aka the day she has gone missing.  What we see is a once electrifying love affair which has crumbled into an unhappy marriage - but not is all as it appears.My only gripe really concerns the ending.  I won't give anything away but it was kind of...depressing.  However, the author really develops fascinatingly, complex characters that are gray, not black and white.  I especially so got a kick on her take of only children (I am one) and the "Cool Girl" syndrome.  The author as well as the characters keep you on your toes.  Great summer read!
This book held my interest but I didn't love it. I also was not shocked by the ending. Saw it coming. Easy beach read.
I loved this book! It was so captivating that I couldn't put it down!  I highly recommended to all interested!
This book was recommended to me (and the other 2 by same author) and they didn't disappoint!  I loved the characters, the suspense, the choice of author's vocabulary - all very intense.  Looooooved it!  Just be careful not to Google or talk about this book too much if you are going to read it - the haters of the world will try to spoil the yummy surprises for you!
I could not believe all the hype about this book once I actually read it. There is just NO WAY that most of the events in this book would ever happen! I can't tell you how many times I rolled my eyes in disgust throughout this novel, due to the plot holes and the gross, lewd parts of the book. Why do some female authors feel the need to compete with male authors in a "gross-out" and dirty-word contest? I read this to the end only because I kept thinking that there MUST be some great plot-twist or surprise in store for me, since so many readers liked the book. Sadly, it was just pure crapola all the way to the end. What a tremendous waste of my time...and YOURS!
Hated the ending. I took me 3 tries to get through the book. I don't see what all the fanfare was regarding this book!
Did not like this book at all. Terrible sTory line. How depressing to think how people could deceive each other and take a relationship to such a depressing level.
This novel has a lot of twists and turns.  One moment I'm feeling sorry for a character and the next I want to choke them.  I have quickly become a fan of Gillian Flynn.
Amazing book.  I could not put it down!  I read the whole thing in 2 evenings.  However, the ending was a little disappointing.  It kind of &#34;left you hangin.&#34;  Overall,  a great read.
I think every one of the (currently) 13,000+ reviews have probably already said what I'm here to say.I don't actually have words to describe what this book did to me. If you don't like dark, twisted, or characters you aren't sure if you like...don't read this.But if you know a thing or two about human nature and are in for a twist, well...jump in feet first. You won't regret it. GONE GIRL was an insane ride that (for me) started out slow only to flip into something I couldn't put down.  The only reason it has four stars and not five is because I had such a hard time liking the characters - which was the intent. Ms. Flynn knows human nature in all its ugliness, and man did she hit the nail on the head.Gone Girl.Wow.
I was completely taken aback with Gone Girl. It was not what I was use to reading or expecting. I started the book on the plane to my NYC vacation and finished it before I got home. This book was the perfect blend of suspense, mystery, romance. I thought the writier did an amazing job of making you feel one way about the characters and then the complete opposite way by just turning the page! I also love that it gave both perspectives of the story. My only complaint was the the ending seemed rushed. Everyone i have reccommended it to LOVED it!It is a must read, and so far the best book I have read.
This book will keep you guessing until the very end.  Well written, fast paced. I highly recommend checking it out.
Our book club decided that we should read it. I am almost finished but in my opinion it is such a downer so far. That man is a jerk and his wife is far from perfect although her parents thought that she was. How could people be so dumb???
Fasten your seatbelts folks b/c these people are completely out of their minds!  I have to hand it to Gillian Flynn b/c while the subject of this book is disturbing and horrific, she makes you laugh out loud and feel empathy at times for people with montrous behavior.  She keeps you quessing and asking.  Who is the bad guy?  Who should I be rooting for?  How should this end?  How should justice be served?  The ending is genius!  Just read it.
I read all three of her books back to back from Sharp Objects to Dark Places to here and I don't quite know what to think about "Gone Girl".  While the writing is sharper and more mature the plot and pace seem less of a page-turner than the other two and I just didn't feel that it was as interesting.  This is not the Stephen King type book the others were and without that mystical or slightly unnerving feel it just didn't do it for me.  If I had seen this story on 20/20 I probably would have changed the channel as it's just not the attention getter that I had become accustomed to expect from Flynn.  Oh well, try, try again.
This is the third of Gillian Flynn's novels.  I read the first, Sharp Objects, liked it but I passed on the second.  I had not planned to read Gone Girl but it was talked about all last year and wound up on just about every 2012 Best Book list. So I took a chance and I am so glad that I did. I was well aware of the basic plot - a wife disappears on her fifth wedding anniversary and there is evidence of foul play, and that's all I'll mention about the plot.  But I do want to write a few words about what I liked so much about the book.  I give very few 5 star ratings, something less than 10% of what I read, but I never had any doubts about the story once I got into it.  It is told in a very interesting fashion, not just the he said, she said alternating chapters, but we are hearing the wife's voice via her diary beginning just before she met her husband. The husband's, Nick, story is told from the day the wife, Amy, went missing and then each day thereafter.  There are many surprises along the way and after the first 30-40% the book is very hard to put down, and I rarely say that about any book.  The writing is just excellent. Twists aside, the characters are always true to the picture we are painted early on and you get the feeling you know these people inside out.  Yes, the story builds to a great climax, but this is one of those rare stories where it is not about the climax.  It's the whole story, A to Z, and what we learn about these two people and the dozens of others who are critical characters.  So far I don't think I have said anything that hundreds of reviewers haven't already mentioned - but I can add one observation that particularly resonated with me.  After reading "Gone Girl" I will never follow an ongoing investigation into a major "breaking news" murder, abduction, or whatever (eg OJ Simpson, JonBenet Ramsey) with the same set of assumptions as I had before. Flynn skewers the casts of these "reality shows" so perfectly and mercilessly. And for that reason alone I will certainly read Flynn's next.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book; however, I did not like the ending.  The things that happen in a marriage!Very interesting plot.
I am a big reader, but I guess I just have higher standards? I didn't find much redeeming in this story. Yes, it was thrilling to read but the overall story is terrible. And the characters are rather messed up. But maybe that's the point. Just wasn't for me.
Great characterization, wonderful dialogue, twists and turns galore.  Looks like many people had problems with the ending; I thought it fit the book wonderfully.
I have trouble enjoying books where I do not find any of the characters likeable and this fell into that category so for the first 40% of the book I was frustrated, but then the story takes off and the last half is unputtdownable.
I 120% LOVED this book! It was full of so many spins and I never wanted it to end! This was my first Gillian Flynn book and it was recommended by a really good friend of mine whose an English Teacher! She NEVER fails to set me up with a good read.
There's a missing person at the centre of Gillian Flynn's elaborate and impressively plotted thriller, but in addition to the conventional genre meaning, there's a fascinating study underlying the case with another type of missing person - the loss of personality that comes - inevitably it seems - with the compromise of marriage.  It's marriage that you come to realise is the 'killer' here in Gone Girl, but it's written in such a manner by the author under the guise of a twisting densely plotted thriller, that it completely takes you off your guard.And taking you off your guard is clearly the intention in the two person perspective that shows two very different views on the marriage of Nick and Amy, both before and after Amy goes missing.  On the one hand you have Nick dealing with the disappearance of his wife, and not dealing with it as well as he should be with the media looking on and regarding him as the obvious suspect.  Then you have Amy's perspective in alternate chapters, taken from excerpts of her diary in the period leading up to her disappearance, detailing the events that take the couple from a seemingly idyllic encounter and romance in New York, through to the harder times that they are currently going through five years later, having both lost their jobs and moved down to Missouri to look after Nick's ailing, aging parents.The two differing perspectives paint a picture of the harsh realities of a relationship that has lost its sparkle and seems to have turned into something rather ugly, but there's definitely something 'off' about both accounts.  Amy's view - perhaps on account of her upbringing, the model for her parents' successful range of Amazing Amy children's books - seems too idealistic, too passive about the failings that have led them to this position, while Nick seems to be taking the disappearance of his wife much too casually and lying an awful lot for a person who claims he has nothing to hide.  Evidently, neither account can be completely trusted, but then isn't that always going to be the case when it comes to apportioning blame for the failings of a marriage?Well yes, but obviously the difference here is that this one has ended in what looks like a murder, and the author uses both those varying accounts to sway the reader's divided loyalties one way or another in where their sympathies and suspicions lie.  It's masterful writing, textbook stuff, but Flynn's writing in Gone Girl goes way beyond that, exploiting the whole situation not only to work with the dynamic of the give-and-take, push-and-pull of a marriage dispute, but by expanding it out into the unseemly media circus that erupts around the case, she manages to say a lot about the failings of the individuals as well as the expectations placed on them by society.  The book makes some brilliant observations on both levels, yet somehow still manages to be a taut, credible, jaw-dropping thriller.  It's a little over-elaborate in terms of plotting, but this is one author who is capable of pulling off the near impossible.  I don't think it's perfect, but this is an impressive and intelligent novel that will resonate with a lot of people, daringly pushing emotional buttons, having something meaningful to say about relationships that you might feel uncomfortable about, while at the same time being a hugely entertaining thriller that keeps you guessing about how it can possibly be resolved.  Flynn pulls it off, and does so impressively.
This is an interesting twist to boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy get girl back.  But the twist is he really never get the girl back. I should not say more - don't want to ruin the story.  Good read, but not really literature. - more like an &#34;airplane&#34; book.  Takes up time, good story line, but you really do not have to think much about it.  Will probably make a popular movie, since so many have read this book, but if you have a great literary gem, I would read it first and save this for a long airplane ride and/or waiting in the airport for your delay flight.  Not sure how to rate a book by half a star, but 2.5 is what I would give this novel.  My wife also read this and her comment was, they both got what they deserve.  I am sure men and women will have differing views on who - if either - main character &#34;wins&#34; in the end.
i really enjoyed this book because its a lot different then the average mystery/suspense story. you definitely get hooked into reading it. I plan to see what else this author has written bc i enjoyed the smart style and off-the-beaten-path plot.
Gone Girl is a wild carnival ride with hairpin plot turns to pique the interest of mystery/suspense fans. However, without revealing too much of the story, let it suffice to say that the main storyline is stained with dark, cynical shades. The key villain turns out to be so diabolically intelligent and far-sighted that I began to think he/she had strayed out of a Marvel comic book. The major let-down of this book, for me, was that Flynn is obviously a talented writer whose novel has an intriguing set-up and strong pacing, but I loathed the book's bitter, anticlimactic ending. By book's end, I found it impossible to relate to the emotional emptiness of the main characters.
This is the first book that I have read by this author.  It moved along easily and had many twists that were well hidden.  I enjoyed this book and will look forward to reading more from this author.
Gone Girl was a page turner and an intriguing story.  Everyone I have compared notes with is disappointed with the ending.  I ended the book wanting to know more about how the characters were able to go on and what became of them.
It will leave you feeling icky. The characters are phony and the plot is ultimately silly. I kept thinking it was just glib, but now I think its also inane.
The book is well written and the mystery is certainly intriguing, but the characters are people that make you glad to be normal. Yikes!
It is a pleasure to read an interesting, complex plot which is so well written.The characters are complex but fleshed out in a manner with which I could emphasise.
Wow.  Super summer read. Great plot.  My wife read it in a few days.  My sister demolished it in a single sitting.  I'm half way through and loving the ride.  We ordered Sharp Objects and my wife is enjoying that tale as well.
What a great book.  What a fantastic payoff.  I can only hope that the movie will be half as good as the experience of reading this book!
What was that movie called, with Michael Douglas and Kathleen Turner, and Danny DeVito was in it somehow, where they were a couple geting a divorce and there was nothing too low for either of them to wish on the other?  The War of the Roses, wasn't it?  The movie played on the good feelings, the chemistry, the stars had exhibited in earlier teamings (like "Romancing the Stone") and then bludgeoned everything nice the audience felt for either by a sick, twisted heaping helping of absurd malice and overkill.  Well perhaps you know where I'm going with this, but if you saw The war of the Roses, there's really no need to read Gone Girl.  I will say that GG is wonderfully written, and Gillian Flynn hasn't lost her knack for Gothis suspense built up on lonely settings populated by demented people with a thrill for blood.I was ready to hate Nick from the moment I heard him call his sister, Margo, "Go."  Pardon me, I beg you, if any readers are called "Go," but, in a book overteeming with conicidence and farfetchedness, I found the use of "Go" and a diminutive of "Margo" the hardest to swallow.  I would love to see what the original Margo (Margo Channing in All About Eve) would have made of Nick if he were her brother and he came up with one of his trademark banter-bordering-on-incest lines like, "Go, you're just like me if I had adick."  He would be mincemeat.  It's plain above all else that Missouri really is an awful place to grow up in and an even worse one to return to.  The burghers of Missouri must have photos of Gillian Flynn posted next to every cash register reading simply, "Shoot on Sight."I did think that the device of a successful series of children's books based on an Amazing Amy character is very believeable and I hope Flynn grants a deserving young writer the franchise rights to flesh out the series, continue the brand.  Flynn has seen the very worst of men and women and she is leaving no stones unturned in her effort to permanently deter a nation from Heterosexual intercourse.
The characters are well-defined in this fun novel of love and neuroticism...while the ending leaves a little to be desired, the majority of the book is a real page-turner.
They say it takes compromise.The marriage of Nick and Amy may never have been what either of them truly believed it was meant to be.Celebration of a Fifth Year Anniversary,  what do you get the woman you no longer love?  What do you do to remind him that he loved you?This is a story that started out interesting and innocuous and turns itself on its ear becoming a twisted thriller and sacry commenatary on life today that you won't be able to put down.I enjoyed the book from start to end although can see where people may find problems with the resolution, I feel this is THE BOOK OF THE SUMMER!!!
I was very disappointed in the ending. I think the author could have redeemed Nick's father by having him kill Amy at the very end, leaving Nick to raise his son. This was actually the first mystery novel I had ever read. I am interested in reading others that are considered the best in this genre.
I thought this book was well written and an unusual format.  It did hold my interest,  at first I was disappointed at the ending, however thinking more about it  I have come to the conclusion it was a very clever, realistic , and perfect ending.  This is a very entertaining book,  soon to be a movie!
I am fairly new to reading (as a disclaimer) -- and I was really disappointed in this book:(  It's a roller coaster of a plot, very well thought out - I'll add, but hideous ending!  I had to read it for Book Club, and would not recommend it.  Unless of course you are into a simply-well-written plot with developed characters (which a lot are) -- but our Book Club had only 2 who enjoyed it.  And they are straight BOOKies!  Sad, b/c it came highly recommended to us!  Not a fav!
This was not my favorite book, altho I read it to the end.You've heard of the saying:  There's two sides to every story.  This book tells both sides in alternating chapters.Two disturbed individuals with apparently no hope of a solution to their mutual problem of hating each other.
A page turner. Enjoyed reading this thinking of buying her first novel a little later.Liked the style and details.
couldn't put this down, very good book and will capture you very quickly.  was looking for other books of this easy and good read and haven't really found anything.  i don't get to read often so when i do it is usually on a vacay so i need it to read fast and keep my attention.
Liked the book a lot.  Just when you think you have it figured out, it takes another twist and leaves you wondering what is going to happen next.  Very suspenseful.  Disappointed at the ending after so much action during the book.  Fast reading.
I loved the premise of the story and I loved the attention to detail throughout the book  and I LOVED the story but I absolutely, unequivocably, hated the ending.  I devoured the book, reading at lunch and before setting my alarm each night.  Flynn is an excellent writer so I am not sure what took her down the fatal path.  Until the very last chapter, I was ready to buy each and every other book written by Flynn, Gone Girl being my first read. Not inclined to do so now.  Makes me sad, actually.....
Great storyline.  Great characters.  Highly recommend!  My only disappointment was the ending but that's just my personal opinion.
The writing style never grabbed my attention.  I promised myself that I would finish the book before the movie came out!  I did, but it was torture.  Every now and then, my interest was tweeked, but this one just did not hold my attention.  However, my son could not put it down, so it is all in the eye of the beholder!
After the moody and disturbing "Sharp Objects" and the relentlessly bleak "Dark Places," I picked up Gillian Flynn's third novel wondering if she had finally lightened up a bit! Thankfully, the answer is "no" as "Gone Girl" might be her most intricately constructed and most satisfying offering to date. Flynn is unafraid to explore the darkest reaches of the human psyche and her novels (I'm a fan) straddle the line between being unpleasant and entertaining. It's an odd thing to say, perhaps, but Flynn doesn't cast many heroes in her stories--she sees everyone as deeply flawed or even severely deranged. In "Gone Girl," I didn't particularly like ANY character, but the tale is so fascinating that it doesn't really matter. In fact, the ambivalence about the central figures is probably one of the book's primary selling points. Let me say this, though, this is a thriller that is best enjoyed if left to unravel on its own terms. I will not offer any spoilers and I would caution you to be wary of other reviews that reveal anything more than the introductory set-up.Flynn's novel traces the married life of Nick and Amy Dunne. This formerly affluent and seemingly perfect couple have fallen on hard times and relocated to small town Missouri. As the story opens, Amy has gone missing and it seems that Nick has plenty of secrets. Through alternating chapters, we see their history through Amy's perspective as well as Nick's and, while the tales differ significantly, both highlight a union in turmoil. As the investigation centers around Nick, his every reaction is scrutinized and critiqued in the national media (including a Nancy Grace clone). Both sides of the story are well done and intriguing, and I was constantly putting them together to try to get to the middle ground. But this is really just the start of the unraveling mystery. Anyone that tells you more is doing a great disservice to the book!Flynn has a lot more in store. As much as anything, Flynn is setting up a literary game and the reader is in for quite a ride. Some aspects of the plot , I suspected. Some were tremendous surprises. What I appreciated most, however, was how well constructed and intricate this sordid mess was. Every detail needs to be observed and fit into the big picture. But getting a handle on the big picture is the fun of it all. You may think you know where this story is headed, but it veers around and has plenty of twists. In the end, we see the portrait of a very bad marriage. But through a post-modern lens, Amy and Nick may have been perfect for one another. That's the beauty of "Gone Girl" and its most disturbing realization. 4 1/2 stars. KGHarris, 5/12.
It's been a long time since I've read a book that I couldn't put down! I loved the way it was written, but I have to say I wasn't crazy about the ending.  I would highly recommend it. Loved it, loved it.
I told my friend that I wished I could get amnesia so I could read the book again and experience it one more time.
The story line is intriguing and keeps you on the edge.  The ending was a little disappointing to me though.
THis book sucked me in from the start and kept me guessing the whole way through.  I didn't really like either of the main characters but I cared enough about them to want to know what would happen to them.
This story was absolutely entertaining. The characters are none like any others. The book kept u wanting to see what happens next.
This was the single craziest book I have ever read.  I kept wondering how it could get any crazier, the things that went on--I can't even talk about it without giving it all away.  I honestly could not believe the amount of crazy at the end.  It was well-written, but the plot is just so all over the place you never knew what was quite going on until almost the very end then that throws you for a complete loop.
I love smart stories that surprise me, and one did &#8211; repeatedly. Things are not always as they seem, and that makes for a riveting ride. I look forward to the upcoming movie starring Ben Affleck and beautiful British actress Rosamund Pike, with the screenplay written by the book author, due for release in fall 2014 according to IMDB.
Gone Girl is a fascinating read. The two main characters are basically people we've all encountered at some point, but Flynn takes their personalities and stretches them to their most extreme manifestations. She uses love as a catalyst to draw out traits that might do better to remain hidden. The story can encourage the reader to reflect on their own relationship to love.
This book is a race through read.  Just when you got you mind set....BOOM!  It is drastically  changed.  Constantly unbelievable!
I'm always a bit uncomfortable reading about disfunctional families, so I guess the book hit its mark with me.  It left me feeling creepy about the characters.
I read this novel and then went on the hunt for more written by Gillian Flynn.  I found a couple, but this one was by far my favorite, but the others were good as well. I'll be looking out for new releases from this author.
Great suspense novel and the ending surely threw me for a curve.  There were points when I was VERY frustrated with the characters and the behaviors they exhibited but it was a book I couldn't put down!
I liked  this book alot even if I was not happy with the ending.  The format of the boo keeps the reader  so interested that it is hard to put down .  It is a thrilling book with many truths that are also &#34;catching.&#34;  I think most people will enjoy this book
Page-turner until the end. Best book of 2012 and one of my all-time favorites. Gillian Flynn has an amazing writing style that is unmatched.
I loved reading this book. In fact, it got me hooked! It was one surprise after another and I couldn't put it down. I would highly recommend this book.
Horrible ending. Did the writer just decide that the book was long enough? Kept me on the edge of my seat.
The point of view for this story alternates between Amy and her husband Nick, outlining the totally different perspectives that two people have even within their own relationship.There are lots of twists and turns in the plot and even up until the very end, I didn't know how it would play out.So good!
I enjoyed this book--I did, really.  It was a quick read, and kept me interested.  Despite it being enjoyable, for me it was a bit on the predictable side (maybe spoiler alert: what you think happened is just too easy, so it's not hard to realize that's NOT what happened), and I just despised the ending--the ending was completely not in tune with the rest of the book, and totally unrealistic, to boot.If you don't have high expectations, it's not a bad book.
Amy Dunne is missing. Her devoted husband is called back to their home, to find the front door open, the remnants of a struggle in their living room and Amy gone. Gone, gone, gone. As concern grows to panic and transforms into suspicion, Nick has to unravel Amy's clues she's left behind. Because as days go by, Nick becomes the prime suspect in the disappearance.I loved this book. Not since the last Tana French book have I been so taken with a mystery book. Flynn is in superb form. Her writing is easy, effortless, flowing and laying down crumbs of information here and there, leading the reader off on many paths, none of which may be the right path. Nick is self centered, shallow and selfish. But is he really capable of hurting his wife? We learn more about Amy through Amy's diary, her light, smart voice telling us her side of the story. Her side of a very different marriage, a very different Nick.Through the entire story, I couldn't hold down either of them. I like Nick, I like Amy. I hate Nick, I hate Amy. Their characters are these layered, angry, raging humans, mourning the loss of what they had and who they were. One sentence from Flynn and my view on both of these characters could change dramatically. The darkness, the confusion, the mind games. Who knows you better than your spouse? And what if they could use that against you?Clever, fast and truly haunting, Gone Girl is a thrilling ride. My first Gillian Flynn book and it certainly won't be my last. I know I'll still be thinking about this story days from now, and perhaps giving my husband a undeserved suspicious glance.Find more of my reviews on [...]
For the first time in years I gasped, and talked out loud while reading the book.  I find this author's creativity a bottomless pit!  Kudos
Ugh, this book. If this book had been a living, breathing person, when I finished it, I would have punched it in the face. I can't remember the last time a book made me this mad. In fairness, I was warned. The book is great. I literally could not put it down. And then I got to the end. This was the first book I read on my iPad & when I got to the last page, I was convinced that there was a glitch in iBooks & that there were pages not showing up. I even had my husband look at it to see if something was wrong. Nope. It's just the worst book ending IN THE WORLD. You've been warned.
I didn't love this book, but I also couldn't put it down.  When I got to the end I was glad I didn't.  Overall a good read, just took a while to get into it.
A really good story.  The reader will fluctuate on who is the real culprit throughout the entire story and for good reason; one has no idea until the end.  Flynn is a good story teller who makes the characters come to life.  Highly recommend.
Stop whatever you are doing and go buy, check out, or download this book right now. Everything you've heard about this book is true - absolutely phenomenal. Gillian Flynn doesn't save twists for the end (although the ending is The Twist To End All Twists), there are twists and turns all throughout this novel. Sharp, witty, funny, sad, mind-bending - I really couldn't put it down.
This book was a complete surprise for me.  Once I started, I couldn't put it down.  The twists and surprises will keep you up wanting to find out what happens.  Will make you consider who is living next door.
I had never heard of this author but had the oppurtunity to buy her book at a discount and gave it a shot. And I am so happy that I did. This is by far one of the best books I have ever read. It has suspense, twists, and is so thought provoking. I highly recommend this read to anyone who likes a good suspense thriller. You won't regret it.
After hearing people talk about this book for the better part of a year, I finally decided to give it a read.  For once, a book lived up to the hype.  It is the best book I've read this year.  The characters were unique, multifaceted, and interesting and the story was excellent.  While the ending wasn't what I would have wanted it to be, it was believable and made sense.  Perhaps it was not the best book to read while on my honeymoon, but it kept me highly entertained on the plane ride back from Europe.
I liked the style in which the book was written. It was suspenseful and kept me from wanting to put the book down. I wasn't entirely thrilled with the ending, but up until then I thought it was a great book.
It started out okay as a New York romance between two different people who fall in love and dissolves into two sick people who almost deserve each other.  I found almost nothing redeeming in the telling of the tale.
Excellent and highly memorable characters.  Plot is deeply psychological and heavy.  This book is chalk full of details which drive the plot into a shocking climax!  I couldn't put Gone Girl down.....Another depiction of the intelligence of a strong woman and weak man and how things are not always as they seem.  This writer has a great imagination and I plan to read more of her books.
Love it, could not put it down.  Did NOT see that ending coming!  Makes me excited to dive into Gillian's other novels.
The book, in general, had a nice even amount of suspense. I'd have preferred more detail about the murder investigation and less vulgarity, but the vulgarity also made the boom feel more rough and genuine. I also have th  pleasure of knowing  a contributor, Lt Emmet Helrich, a fine policeman. -KS
This is a decent book.  It is definately at page turner at times but I feel the ending was lacking.  It left a lot of loose ends and made you go &#34;huh?&#34;.  I would of rather borrowed it from the library.
While reading-- voraciously I might add-- I found myself fully in Amy's court and other times I was firmly rooting for Nick. This novel is just like that; you are never quite sure where anyone stands. Very good, very fast read :-)
An extreme example of a functioning sociopath & the punishment that she creates for her cheating husband whom is ultimately & unknowingly addicted to her.
I read GONE GIRL through Christmas eve and day. I stayed awake until 5 a.m. reading on the 26th, usually an impossibility. Readers love surprises and this story has several doozies! A chilling tale of love gone wrong, brilliantly pieced together like a macabre quilt.
Okay, I consider myself I person who can fall deep into just about any book that is set in front of me. I am currently majoring in English Lit. So I am kind of forced to have a knack at reading anything and everything. I almost always end up enjoying every book that I read, and this isn't a small statement. I have probably read over thirty books this year alone.I enjoy reading for pleasure, but because of my busy schedule I do not have the time to try out any random book that I come across, so I tend to stick to the New York and Kindle best sellers. Gone Girl was a book that I was planning on reading for pleasure. I had very high hopes for this book, due to how fast it became popular as I watched it rise higher and higher on the best seller list. Needless to say, I ended up being very disappointed.After the first forty pages or so I felt no need to continue reading, this normally does not happen to me. The overall feel of the book just comes off too cold to be enjoyable. The novel begins with a guy whose life has basically gone to shit. He and his wife, Amy, have both lost their jobs and have moved from New York to his hometown in Missouri because his mother has recently died. With the last of their money, the man, Nick, opens up a bar with his twin sister, Margo.Most of Nick's thoughts are about how he no longer feels connected with his wife. He recalls memories of times when he has made Amy mad, and times when Amy has made him upset as well. He describes his home as lonely. On his fifth year anniversary, he avoids his wife at all costs, and then complains about her to his sister at 'The Bar.' And then, to top it all off, when Nick comes home after a phone call from an alcohol dependent neighbor saying that his front door is wide open, he finds his house rummaged through, and his wife missing.How is the reader supposed to care about his wife's absence when he doesn't even give a crap about her anymore? The couple does not exchange one sentence of a conversation in the beginning of the book before Amy is found missing. I feel like their relationship is not given any foundation to the reader for them to really care about the main dilemma going on in the book. I know I sure didn't.I surprisingly could not finish the book, could not even get past forty or so pages. Maybe I should have given it a bit more of a chance, but the book felt too cold, too depressing, too jumbled around from Nick's thoughts to Amy's past diary thoughts. Nick's thoughts in 2012, to Amy's thoughts in 2005. And after reading enough reviews to confirm that the ending sucks, I was left with no motivation to continue reading, but enough to write this review to let others know.
This was a very unique book. I loved how it was written. It was a page turner and suspenseful. Overall I thought it was a fantastic book. I want to read her other books.
If I was able to give ten stars I would.Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl is simply the best, most intensely crafted nuclear mind screw of a book of all time. On so many levels the writing, characters, story is beyond brilliant.
I couldn't put it down,this book has all the crazy in it. I wasn't thrilled with the ending and was really hoping for another outcome.
I did not read any reviews of the novel until I had read about 20 percent of it.  Then I read some while my Kindle was charging.  Many of the other reviewers, all rating the book between one and five stars make valid points.  I rate the novel a 3 .5.  It is extremely well written.  Some people said it's over-written but the protagonists are both writers so that's to be expected.  I really enjoyed the  prose.  A number of people had issues with the two points of view, alternating chapters.  I thought it was a perfect vehicle in which to tell the story since the story revolved around the twisted lives of these two individuals.  People had trouble with the fact none of the characters (perhaps with the exception of Boney) were all that likeable (I know some liked  Nick sister, Go but I wasn't crazy about her).  That is usually an issue for me as well but in noir novel like this, I didn't need someone likeable.  The characters pretty much got what was coming to them.  I wonder if what bothered so many readers is that so many people do act a tiny bit like the characters in the novel.  Lots of young women try to be the "cool girl".  Certainly not tot the extreme that Amy did but it's common.  We all put our best foot forward in a relationship; most of us just aren't sociopaths as well.  Many men I have known act like Nick, tell lies to make themsleves look better, to avoid conflict or hurting people's feelings.  And many people are indeed selfish.  The author took the worst qualities in people, ones that usually don't exist in every single one of us all the time, magnified them the Nth degree, gave them all to the protagonists and it made a lot of readers uncomfortable.  That said, I found most of the story fascinating but think that it dragged on too long. There is also a lot of vulgarity and graphic sexual content.  There were a number of glaring holes in the "wrap up" that I won't elaborate upon so there is no spoiler alert. It was extremely inconsistent though because everything was so flawlessly planned in the first 3/4 of the novel.  Some people hated the ending.  I didn't.  Someone else suggested that the last 25 pages or so should have been excluded, we should have been left guessing entirely or awaited a sequel.  That might have worked better. Th ending was too rushed but it was not horrible not completely anti-climatic.  Read it, check it out of the library as I did.  I will watch the movie and doubt the ending  will be similar.
I don't normally read books that feature such dysfunctional people. I was drawn to this book because I really enjoy the genre mystery/thriller. The second half of this book is like watching or listening to a Tennessee  Williams play or watching "Who's afraid of Virginia Wolf"'. I kept wondering what the wicked witch of the West would plot next and so I kept reading to find out. Very disturbing on many levels but does make us ask questions of ourselves and to ourselves.
I enjoyed reading this book for the ever changing plot that kept my interest. The story line was very creative and well described by the author. I did find ther overuse of the "F" word a bit overdone and could have been just as interesting with less descriptive curse words.
I just finished Gone Girl and I am still processing it but wow!  Every time I thought I could not be shocked anymore I was.  The writing is superb and the twists and turns will have your mouth hanging open repeatedly.  The story itself is pretty dark but if you are up for it it's a great mystery.
It was a good book but very long.  It kept me interested though and I guess that is the most important part.  I would recommend this book
I wanted to like this book, and it was good, but the ending was  GONE OVER THE TOP.  Interesting idea but fell short for me.
this book is incredibly engaging. As you go through the book you want to keep reading and turning the pages to see what is next. repeatedly I was excited to see what elsewhere was in store.  I felt the book was great until the end. now I feel like the book was ruined in a matter of twenty pages.  often books do not have the ending I picture but this book, this ending is truly the worst.  it made every moment I was excited to turn the page feel like had just wasted all of that time. if the other books by this author end like this it would be a shame...I think I will read her other books but from the library and not by wasting my money.
this was a different type of writing, usually you get to know one character, but this book allowed you to get close to two key players and in the end you wanted both of them to win. I enjoyed it and looking forward to the movie. Go Ben Affleck.
I loved the twists and turns this book took. I never knew which character to root for and which one to hate. Way to go
This is one screwed up story! Don't get me wrong, it's well written, but scares the crap out of me! When someone asked me about what I was reading I couldn't even explain it...
I had never read anything by Gillian Flynn (or even heard of Gillian Flynn), but the rapturous reviews this book received convinced me to give it a try.  This book started off very slow for me, and I really had trouble getting into it.  I was thoroughly hooked by the middle of the book, when things became much clearer (actually too clear for my taste).  I have to say, the resolution of a major part of the "mystery" in this story coming right in the middle of the book was disappointing for me.  After that point, I stayed interested a while, but characters were wavering all over the place, and it became just a game of how far one of the characters could go.  This constant game of kicking it up a notch eventually became tiresome for me, and the book ended up so utterly unrealistic that I was disappointed.  While it held my attention when I got into it, I was not satisfied with this story in the end, and the characters, while occasionally sympathetic, were, for the most part, very unlikeable.
While I cannot rate the content of this book, as I have not read it yet, it downloaded perfectly to my Kindle!
After the unveiling of the taboo that is Part 2, I'm just so floored by the gall this woman has. The ending of a book has never made me so mad!!!
Had to stop reading, this is the most boring book ever!  Can't believe I actually paid for this. An Amazon rip off
This book was great! It held my interest and was full of twists and turns! However, I thought the ending was very boring and not what I expected to happen.
Wow, couldn't put this one down! Very good writing and very suspenseful! Loved it!!!!! Gillian love your stories!!! Keep them coming!
First let me start with an apology because this isn't really a review for Girl Gone and more properly belongs on a discussion blog, but the Amazon reader-reviewers are far more thoughtful and articulate than the bloggers on the board I just visited.Flynn's first book, Sharp Objects, is a favorite of mine, so I looked forward to the release of Girl Gone. Then the literary reviews started coming across my desk and almost every one of them raved about Girl Gone and what a great summer read it is. And if the reviews on Amazon are to be believed, about 3/4 of you, the reader-reviewers here, find it a terrific summer read too.So, I forked over the $13 Kindle dollars and discovered that this is not a $13 dollar read. At least not yet, or maybe it's not for me. I'm over 30% through Girl Gone and the book has  stalled. I've moved on to Oliver Potzsch's The Dark Monk, and Christopher Moore's Sacre Bleu. But I really want a reason to go back to Girl Gone and finish it.Therefore, I'm looking for that %-mark where the story starts to pick up and carry me to the end. At what point does this book really become a thriller and not just a well-written exercise in he/she POV? Flynn's characters are beautifully drawn, I know what they should look like, and appreciate the candor of their conversation, but I just don't like anyone enough to want to continue reading.Sincerely, at what point does the novel get better?Thank you in advance for any comments. And to those of you that are offended by this discussion review rather than end-of-book review, I am sorry.
Very Disturbing ending! It was a bit too  long however, the last 100 pages were the most spell binding and riveting. Could not believe it how crazy Amy was after all and what she was capable of. YIKES!
I loved this book! Unfortunately every thing said gives some of the premise away.Anywho....Fortunately or not, these people seemed very real to me. Well until she went too far. But I understood the wife much more than the husband. It is very easy to see how a chick who was a money maker for her parents, had no feelings for other people. She was revered but never looked at too deeply and never asked to be too much. What I don't get. I really don't get why she so wanted that husband. Even in the end.  But unlike other readers, I thought how it ended was appropriate. This sounds weird but I will say this.... That woman, the character that the author created,  would only have let it end that way.
I read this in a day. The story has a great flow and the twists and turns will make your jaw drop. I agree with a lot of the posts that were disappointed with the ending. You want retribution for the antagonist at the end that is satisfying. The writer chose an interesting and unexpected ending for the characters that was well written but one I just didn't care for. I was interested in this book because folks were passionately raving about it or vehemently hating it. I think a story that draws that kind of response requires you to read it for yourself.
&#34;Gone girl&#34; is a fun mystery book. It's in the same league as &#34;Where'd you go Bernadette&#34; and &#34;The silent wife.&#34; So not Tolstoy - just entertaining one-time reads.Get the trio above as a Christmas present, if you have a girlfriend who is into psychological thrillers cum literary chick lit. &#34;Psychological&#34; in the sense that one or more characters are psychologists/psychiatrists, &#34;literary&#34; in the sense that one or more characters are writers/journalists.This trio has just the right mixture of suspense, steam, missing persons, and marital strife to keep you engrossed for a week. All you want from this genre.
If you like twist and turns, this book has plenty, it starts in action with interesting portraits of the characters, but are they who they seem to be? The action with the coating of interesting psychological insights makes it morethan your regular thriller.
REVIEWED BY KINDLE GALBefore I go into my spoiler-free thoughts on the book itself, I want to quick mention that the narrators on the audiobook are fantastic! I'll be honest, I didn't love them at first. Then again, I had no idea what the story was going to be (I was firmly in my bubble, not reading the book's blurb or even the chapter titles in the table of contents). All I'll say is that the narration performance changed as the story changed, and it was totally brilliant! If you have 19 hours of spare time, I'd highly recommend reading GONE GIRL as an audiobook.So GONE GIRL is the story of a husband and wife, Nick Dunne and Amy Elliott Dunne. At the very beginning of the book, Amy goes missing on their fifth wedding anniversary. The cops are called in, and the rest of the story is about figuring out what happened to Amy. There is a dual narrative, with alternating chapters from Nick's and Amy's point of view--Amy's in the form of diary entries dating back to when she and Nick first meet and fall in love, and Nick's in "present day" at the time Amy goes missing.This. Book. Is. Brilliant!This isn't to say that I loved the story. I'm just talking about the writing and the plotting and the sheer genius behind it. Even if you hated the story (and there appears to be a whole slew of people in that camp), you have to appreciate what Gillian Flynn has done. She is a master manipulator, which is what you want in a good mystery. I highly doubt anyone predicted the ending. That, folks, is impressive!I also loved the underlying message in this book: don't believe what you see and read. Ever. The media's role in covering Amy's disappearance is a cautionary tale of how influential the media is in ongoing investigations and how the public is quick to judge someone's guilt or innocent based on something that is clearly manipulated from multiple directions. (Did you know that Flynn used to be a staff writer at Entertainment Weekly?)For all the naysayers out there, I do get why people are less than enthused about GONE GIRL. It's certainly not a pretty story, and I'm not sure I can say I enjoyed it. It's dark and disturbing, and if you don't want to blurt out things while reading like "What the HELL just happened?" or "Are you freaking kidding me?" (and those are the PG versions of what you'll really say, by the way), then you should probably stay far, far away from this book.I will also mention that the pacing of this book is all over the place. It literally took me weeks to get into the story. There was nothing compelling enough to hook me until I approached the halfway point, but then I finished the last 200+ pages in two sittings. So you need to have patience. It's a slow build, but if you are a fan of psychological thrillers, I think it's worth the wait.Now that I finished the book, I finally allowed myself to watch the movie trailer that debuted online this week. There really aren't any spoilers in the trailer, so if you haven't read the book and want to watch it, I think it's safe. What I'm most excited about is the author has written a completely different ending for the movie version. I'm anxious to see if Flynn can dupe us all again, or if it will be something a little more predictable, something that will appease those who didn't like the way it turned out the first time around. Sorry, everyone, but if I had to choose, I really hope it's the former.BOTTOM LINEGONE GIRL is dark, disturbing, and one of the most brilliantly constructed mysteries I've read in a long time. If you are looking for a satisfying crime drama, this is not it. But if you're into psychological thrillers that surprise you, definitely give it a try. And if you want to really blow your mind, do GONE GIRL on audio.RATING: A- (4 stars)
The storyline was good, but the overused foul language and sexual violence was a bit much.  I don't object to some foul language and sex, but this book was over the top.  Couldn't believe the ending.
I had heard and read so many good reviews about this novel that my anticipation level was very high but when I started it I was wondering if I was reading the same book that everybody was talking about. Rest assured when I hit about page 150 everything fell into place and I saw what all the fuss was about. From that point it was a read until you finish book - I stayed up and lost sleep so I could see what happened next. It was so good but I do not want to spoil it for anyone else so I will just say put in the time it will be rewarded and it is not a tidy Hollywood ending.
Great read. I was quite absorbed and the story was unpredictable. The ending left me hanging, that's the only thing I didn't like.
Yes, this was a good book and a suspenseful read, but I personally didn't like the style. For one thing, how many times can one person successfully manipulate events without tripping over their own lies? Also I felt the two &#34;first person&#34; narrators had a similar speaking/ narrating style which was jarring for me.  I think Amy Elliott would have been a much more interesting character if her personality had unfolded rather than being revealed through so many twists and turns, so you have to keep backtracking to figure out what happened and didn't happen.I thought the author did have a good grasp of her character, and the ending seemed sadly logical to me. I usually enjoy reading &#34;twist in the tale&#34; stories a second time, so I can see how the author put it all together.  But I just can't wade through all those long choppy sentences one more time.
The book overall was absolutely stunning. It was just the right amount of mystery, cunning personalities, and psychotic outbreaks. But, I'm still contemplating whether I like the ending or not. That's the only reason I give it four stars instead of five.
This was an interesting read.  It was hard to put down with a sad ending.  This book is well written.
There is absolutely nothing likable about these characters.  The writer does a very good job describing two very shallow yet brilliant, beautiful people and their pathological relationship but it is hard to feel more than disgust and pity.The set-up of the story is well-done, about the first 20% of the book.  Then it becomes tedious.  I almost couldn't read to the end.  Much better material out there.  You don't have to look very hard.
pswell i think this book is verrrry wired and i didn't get it at all it was a verrrrrrrru AWKWARD  and had no point what so ever ii mean not all stories hav a point
This book is such a heart stopper!  I was not able to put it down and couldn't decide who I was pulling for!  Great job developing the characters and giving them just the right edge and making me believe they exist! Great read!
I need to really like a book to give a higher rating Sorry!  WE just read it for our book club and I didn't even finish it. I think it was for a younger reader.
up until the first half, the second barely bearable and just one big anticlimax lousy ending. I don't know which is more realistic- the whole story and/or two toxic people staying together as the ending. Must applaud her language and writing though- I was impressed by the two distinctive voices and in the beginning I was thinking that I didn't like what I was reading in Amy's diary- she sounded too happy.Oh well, I guess as readers we want a sense of finale and justice, and the ending was just disappointing.
Gone Girl, eh? This girl is so damn gone I am seething with anger right about now!!!!! This was an outstanding book, and I guess you are wondering why am I angry? Plain and simple: The Ending Sucked! This book pulled me into its vortex portal hole that I hated to put it down, and I get to about 96% of the book praying it was going to end the way it should have ended, only to be so let down! You have got to be seriously kidding me? You can't possibly think this is the appropriate ending to this very sick and twisted marriage gone awry?Nick and Amy, the crazy couple. I thought perhaps this story was going to go like the War of the Roses, but this ending was much worse than their story! Gillian do you plan a sequel for this novel that sucked-me-in-only-to-let-me-completely-down?This book left me feeling like the day I went to see the movie The Blair Witch Project wherein it was critically acclaimed, much like this book, and I went to see that mess and I was so angry at the ending, I demanded the movie theater to give me back my money. I mean I acted a complete fool up in that cinema. How can a book be this damn good only to end this damn bad?This girl is gone and done--stick a damn fork in me! I'm just pissed! Warning: Read at your own risk!
I can't believe they are making it into a movie. Started great, but really fizzled and ending was really stilly
I did not enjoy this book because the first half read like I was rereading the headlines from the Lacy Peterson murder from California a few years ago.  The second half provided a twist, but at that point I disliked all of the characters and felt like I had wasted my time.
This book is incredibly well written.  Very thought out and methodical storyline.  It was fantastic;  you can never guess what's going to happen next.
A must read for anyone who loves mystery novels.  This is the 1st book I've read by this author.  Will definitely read more from Gilian Flynn.
This is a great book - not just the plot, but the way Flynn writes keeps you on your toes. The layout of the chapters, flashing between past and present tense worked to keep me interested and turning pages. Just when I thought I had it figured out, Flynn provides more information to keep me guessing. I was a bit disappointed with the ending, hence four stars instead of five. But I was engaged and happy up until the very last few pages. Highly recommend
Really enjoyed the pace of the book and the fact we were kept guessing. Would recommend for an excellent holiday read
Hmmm....should have waited for it to come out on DVD.  Don't get me wrong ...it was good....just not as great as I was hoping
It will be a movie soon so u should read before the movie comes out! The book was so good I finished it in 2 days. Plot twists unlike anything I've read or seen on tv before. Very refreshing writing
IDK. I saw the reviews, People Magazine?, and got it on Kindle. Fascinating read, but maybe the same thing that bothers me about Jonathen Franzen's books: somewhat cold. But I liked it good enough to read author's earlier books, which I liked better!  I would recommend all her books.
I read 50% of the book waiting for something interesting to happen.  I put it down and finally picked it up to finish, because I paid for it!  I didn't care for the style of writing, as if you were reading a diary. [?!?] I kept hoping to find something to keep me going...  I just finished the book and am at a LOSS as to why people liked this story?! It had a HORRIBLE ending!  This story just left you hanging with a LOT of loose ends! Most of this was boring?! I'm confused?  I just expected a better story!  I'll not be reading anymore 'recommended' books by celebrities and do more in depth research of reviews on my own!
can't bring myself to care at all about these characters, they're sociopaths.  why would i want to spend hours reading about them?  sick book.
I read this book over a year ago and still think about it.  It has so many layers.  It is easy to tell that Gillian Flynn knew what she was doing and knew the intricate details of the characters.  This is a truly chilling read.  It starts as a novel that is very interesting, but about halfway, she SHOCKS you.  Then you are captivated.  The final sentences of this book will send chills through you.  So intelligently written.
I didn't like the way this was wrote, from different peoples perspectives. I found it too slow moving, and it bored me so much that I didn't come close to half way through. This is a book I never finished, for lack of interest...
Makes Fern Michaels pale by comparison.  Loved this book, didn't want it to end.  This author has a great deal of potential.
Gone Girl is a freaking addiction! One of the best books I've read in a long time. I could put it down, and found myself thinking about it when I wasn't readying. I was constantly going back and forth... Could figure out who to root for. See for yourself... Read this book!!!
I was a little hesitant to buy this book given the hot and cold reviews.  I am so glad I did!  The book was amazing!  I find most thrillers predictable, but I didn't see the twists and turns coming at all.  I literally could not put this book down.  Some of the reviews complained about being disappointed in the way it ended.  I thought the ending was perfect.  It kept tone with the rest of the book.  This is my first book review, but I liked it so much that I thought I needed to say so.
Not a classic, but a good read, and a great book for couples or friends who like to read and then discuss. A lot to discuss, especially at the end.
slow to get into at first, but once i did it was great. many twists and turns and different perspectives made it a great read! cant wait for the movie.
This book had me captive the entire time.  I really enjoyed reading it and tell everyone to read it if they haven't!
I don't want to &#34;spoil&#34; for anyone, but this is one of the few books that has kept my attention in the past year.  I'd say it's up there in my top ten for how it resolved.  i do with the ending was different, but 1 chapter compared to the entire book, i can't really complain.  but it seems more realistic, though i wish it was different.  you'll understand when you read it......get it!
Author has a gift for lifting you out of your chair and into the living space of Amy and Nick. Unexpected twists and turns - a little far fetched - but fun to read.
I really was looking forward to this one. I heard about it from Whoopi on The View and she highly recommended it. For me, the first pages grabbed a hold of me only to fizzle out to a slow tempo. I had it figured out pretty quickly and it seemed to drag on to get there. Still I stuck with it, wanting to see how it would all end up. Horribly, in my opinion......
This book was on a list for good summer reading.  The characters were interesting and story kept you wondering what would happen next.  However, the ending was so disappointing that both my husband and I were sorry we read it.
Such a good read-- the twists and turns and I couldn't guess what was coming next.  It was a great thriller and I recommend it HIGHLY!  I can't wait to read the rest of Gillian Flynn's books.
I won't bother recapping what this book is about.  There are over 1,000 other reviews (plus you definitely don't want any spoilers on this one!).  I'll just let you know what I personally thought about the book... Gone Girl is an exciting read, with twists and turns around every corner although it is VERY DARK.  I personally did not care for it.  Both of the main characters are vile, and have zero redeeming qualities.  Half way through the book I was sick and disturbed, but I couldn't put it down.  So that in and of itself is a selling point.  If you're into dark thrillers, I think you'd love this book.Despite not liking the book, I gave it 3 stars because it IS very engrossing, just not my cup of tea.
I read this on my honeymoon cruise a few months ago. Two days in and my husband was reading it too. We were hooked! I seriously can't get over how entertaining this book was. It is well written. And the plot twists!!! oh boy. Read it! We read it on the kindle and the formatting and everything was perfect. I've recommended this to several friends as well, and they've all enjoyed it. Remember, books are like real life. Sometimes things don't end the way we want or expect them to, but that doesn't take away from the quality of a novel. After all, it must have been pretty good or you wouldn't have made it to the end, right?
Very edge of your seat, just when I thought I knew what was going on, the plot changed.  A little too detailed, to the point I skimmed through chapters rather than reading.  By the end I didn't like either character and was glad it was over.
Lots of twists and turns in this novel.  You don't know until near the end what really happened!  I would recommend this book.
Girl Gone is a DEEPLY disturbing story of two deeply disturbed people. They aren't characters you love. It is not a situation that you love. However, it is well written and hard to put to down and that is why it got 5 stars. (I just finished the book about an hour ago. I am still processing it and probably should wait to write a review, but, there is a real strong urge to shake the experience off like an enormous cobweb and I am hoping this will help.) I am not really a huge fan of books like this one. I am not a huge fan of books where the primary characters are just awful people and trust me when I say the characters of Amy and Nick are just such awful people. I suppose Nick has a few small virtues but his passivity is as bad as Amy's aggression. Sorry, I know that I am supposed to like Nick, but I didn't. He probably didn't deserve what his wife was doing to him, but he kind of did deserve it somehow. I did feel somewhat sorry for Nick when it became apparent that he was going to let himself be trapped, I was overwhelmed with sadness when Amy announced she was pregnant. Envisioning the life of a child doomed to live with Amy and Nick...there's that cobweb thing again...All in all the many, many ways that Amy and Nick play each other and torture each other and yes, motivate each other, makes for some really fascinating reading. In my thinking there is one hole in the plot: once I understood how completely Nick loathed his wife I had to wonder why he would call the police at all. Why not just clean up the living room and move on? She was gone.
I couldn't put it down. Gone Girl is a fun ride. Gillian Flynn has a clever way with words and the characters are believably developed, despite the dramatic plot and unexpected twists.
I really enjoyed the the first 98% of this book. Great twists and turns. However, I found the ending to be a disappointment. Kind of anticlimactic.
I enjoyed this novel.  The author has a great concept of seeing the life of this couple through the eyes of the husband, the wife and her diary.  The build up to the "twist" was really well done, but the ending seemed rushed.
Wow! It has been awhile since a book caught and held my attention as much as Gone Girl. It will yank you one way and the other and where you end up is a surprise. Great fun.
I just finished reading this book.This story is CRAZY.  Intricate, detailed, well thought-out, and surprises you at every turn.  I could not put it down, I needed to keep going.  I spent the first half of the book feeling and thinking one thing.  Then my whole Gone Girl world was flipped upside down and then I spent the next part of the book thinking and feeling another thing.  And then I had no idea what to think.  And then it concluded in a way that was shocking, numbing, disgusting and satisfying all at once which is so conflicting I know, but I felt all those things.  This story and these characters are conflicting and we get to experience those conflicting emotions as we read this book.  It's an insanely clever study into the way people think and justify motives in certain situations.  It made me wonder what I and my loved ones are truly capable of deep down.As the reader you really get into the mind of the main characters Nick and Amy Dunne.  As the narration went back and forth between the two I felt as though I was switching from being Nick and then being Amy.  When you put yourself as the narrator it's hard not to agree with their feelings and thought processes.  I questioned my sanity and morality so many times because of this!It's unbelievable to think that humans can be capable of such things described in this book.  It's so sick, cruel, selfish, and evil.  Yet at the same time I couldn't help but admire the brilliance of these ... lets call them, events.
Terrible.  Don't even bother.  I didn't even get past the end of the first section before I gave up.  BORING.  Don't waste your money.  There are much better mysteries out there than this one.
I had gotten this book immediately prior to the movie coming out. I was glad I finished the book before seeing the movie. The book was much better.
Reading this book is like being caught in a cornfield maze. Every time you think  you've figured it out, the maze gets deeper with no end in sight until the very last page.  I read it in two days... now I need some sleep!!
This novel succeeds in so many ways: it is well-written and cleverly plotted with surprising twists and turns. It gives an in-depth portrait of a destructive marriage. But in spite of all the things the book does well, I didn&#8217;t enjoy reading it. The characters are inconsistent, slippery, cute, and fairy-tale evil. I didn&#8217;t care about either Nick or Amy. The only character I felt any connection to was Nick&#8217;s sister. Because of my problem relating to the characters, the book slogged on and on. I began to despair that it would ever end, and in a sense, it doesn't--it stops. And so will I.
I really liked the twists and turns of this drama, it kept changing the possible outcomes with a new angle. I am anxious to read more by this author
Nick and Amy Dunne seem like the perfect couple until Amy goes missing on their 5th anniversary. Told in the alternating voices of Nick and Amy, the story twists and turns with mind-bending quickness that will keep you on the edge of your seat until the very last page! Loved it!
This is an exciting 'who done it' for most of the book, then a good chiller thriller but the ending seemed too abrupt.
The first half of the book was slow.  Alternate chapter of his vs her points of view.  The last half was exciting and very clever The end seemed like the publisher had given her a deadline that would not be moved so she had to wrap it up quickly.  Gone was the clever and creative writing!
It is nice to read something different for a change.  You are best off not knowing anything about it before picking it up.
I enjoyed reading this book.  It kept me guessing from the start.  You thought you knew where it was headed but then it would take a new turn.  I have to warn you that there is some darkness to it but it added to the plot.
We read this in our book club. It was one we especially enjoyed and one that lead many of our group to seek out more of this author&#8217;s books. The episode in the mall in St. Louis was especially fun for me. The style was different, fun, and the book had several surprising turns.
It was a quick read.....enjoyed the clever back and forth story line.  I wasn't' crazy about the ending.  I am looking forward to seeing the movie
I thought the structure, plot, and characters were original and interesting.  I thought the main character acted &#34;out of character&#34; at times (not referring to the twist), which made the story a little unbelievable, but in all I liked it.  I didn't find the ending unsatisfying, as some others did.  I think it set up a sequel and I'm eager to read it when it comes out.
One of the best books I've read in a long, long while.....it twist and turns like few other books I've read and doesn't settle for a pat ending. I couldn't put it down and it kept my head spinning for hours. Haven't read Flynn before but you can bet I will now!
I could not put this book down.  Gone Girl is a wonderful read, well written with amazing characters.The ending ...  we had quite a discussion (my friend and I who both read it at the same time).
Gone Girl was our book club's book of the month for August.  I had read a little bit about it before but I was not sure of what to expect.  A lot of twists and turns, but very good.  Very twisted ending, but they deserve each other.  I would recommend this book.
No one needs to read my review to find that this book is great and praised all around. Very clever and convincing thriller.
It was good - a psychological thriller and really crazy but enjoyed it.  Felt so sorry for the husband.Thank you Gillian for another great read!  Would recommend!
Overall I have to say I loved this book because it draws you in immediately and it's hard to put it down.  It starts out with a huge hook when the wife disappears.  It was almost impossible to stop reading because you get to know the characters right away and you become very interested in them.  I also immediately wanted to know what happened to the wife who disappeared and if the husband was guilty.  The overall pace of the book is very fast and the character development is excellent.There are some very unexpected plot twists in this book, some which are disappointing.  I was loving this book until I was about 70% done and then I was really disappointed in where the plot was heading.  I don't want to give anything away, but I did not like the ending at all.  Overall I'd say this is a good, fast read and something that most women would enjoy reading.
What a book. One of the comments from my book club: I don't like any of the characters but I can't put the book down. It was a heck of a read.
I loved this book! It had me staying up late just to finish it.  The story is smart and engaging and just when you think you have it figured out, you are in for a surprise.  I have not read any other books by this author but plan to check them out also.
I love this book. Flynn's writing style is brilliant. It has been a long time since I have read a book by an author that made we want to put every other book on my &#34;to-read&#34; list on hold so I could read everything this author has ever written. Plot was gripping. No time was wasted on unnecessary facts and long drawn out plot exposition. The most engrossing book I have read in a long time.
This was probably the most-talked-about book of 2012 and for good reason - it's an engaging mystery written with a razor-sharp wit. It will keep you up at night, turning pages until you come to the surprising truth about the girl who vanished.  While the mystery aspect of the book will keep you intrigued, it's the portrait of a marriage (and the character sketch of two dysfunctional people) that will hook you in.
I downloaded this after reading reviews in EW and other places. Everyone talked about how surprising the end was, etc. While I do think this book is a good read, and written well (as opposed to some other best sellers out right now!), I don't get the hype. I thought it was predictable. I guessed most of the story early on.  Still worth reading, but part of the reason I kept at it was I was waiting for that &#8220;shocker&#8221; everyone kept talking about. It never happened. So if you start reading it and you think you&#8217;ve got it figured out, you probably do. Otherwise, I recommend it as a decent, well-written book.
I heard so many good things about this book, but it was awful, the beginning had a lot of promise. A mediocre husband...5th anniversary...drifting apart marriage and then she's gone. From there it went all down hill. Half way through the book I couldn't give a crap if Nick was innocent or guilty. Amy was an awful person. Even through her diary entries she came off as whiney and off. No sympathy for either character. The only person I felt sorry for was his sister.By part 3 I was hoping she kill herself or Nick and her kill each other. That was the only reason I finished this book.Don't bother. Way over hyped.
Twists & turns, I was not totally surprised by all of them, some I figured out, others threw me off.  I did not like the protagonist very much (she's not sympathetic, at all) and I found myself changing whose side I was on.
While I did get sucked into the story midway and I can appreciate the unexpected twists and turns, the writing felt like a PG author trying out an adult rhetoric. This novel is bit too hyped up (and in some parts, far fetched), in my opinion.
Gillian Flynn did a wonderful job at writing this story. The characters Nick & Amy were  hard to actually like, but you're really not supposed to like these people any way.  I love mystery/thrillers that don't ruin the story with too much foreshadowing where you figure out every detail by the end. It definitely kept me guessing and I had a hard time putting the book down.  I would highly recommend this book.
Gone Girl is an excellent read!It will keep you on your toes around every corner, constantly wondering and guessing what will happen next.A who-dunnit of sorts in modern times.You'll find yourself guessing and second guessing and guessing again.I highly recommends this book, especially for a book club as the discussion is fantastic and trust me, you will want to discuss it!
A compelling read of a disturbing main character. Thoughtful, provocative and downright tricky! a well written book with a story that is too nasty to like.
Great book, love the unexpected twists and turns the book takes. I wasn't thrilled with the ending, but still a great read.
I wonder why some books get to be best sellers and others don't.  Far too often the books that people rave about are nothing special to people who read beyond the Top Ten Best Sellers lists.This books is nothing you haven't read or seen before, if you have seen a few episodes of Law and Order, or read a few decent thrillers.  It does not have a ground-breaking plot, and the twists are not mindbogglingly original.  The writing, is average, maybe a notch above, but not stellar.  This is not what I expected when I read the book that no one has been able to shut up about for months.The story is told in two voices.  Amy tells a story of how they met and their marriage up until their 5th wedding anniversary in diary entries throughout the years.  Those chapters alternate with Nick's view, starting on their 5th wedding anniversary, the day Amy disappears from their house in an apparent violent struggle.  Neither character is what they appear to be at a shallow first glance.  What made this book most difficult is that all of the main characters are totally unlikable.  The only likeable character is a detective with a very minor role. I will also say that Ms. Flynn's portrayal of Missouri is crap.  She may have grown up in Kansas City, but she obviously wrote it with the disdain of someone who would rather be anywhere else.  It may not be to everyone's taste, but it is not all backwoods rednecks and bumpkin cops.
This was easily a 5-star book up until the end. Lots of exciting twists and turns and then it ends so blah. The majority of the book was great though, so I recommend reading it. Create your own ending. It'll be interesting to see what they do with the movie.
Loved this book...I couldn't put it down...I wanted to know what was going to happen next...kept me guessing the whole time
I loved how the story alternated between husband and wife each chapter, each telling his/her version. Not sure how I feel about the ending though. Lost a couple hours sleep each night while reading since I didn't want to stop!
2 yrs. ago, I heard the author giving an interview to Terry Gross on NPR' s Fresh Air. I decided on that day, that I would read the book that they were discussing one day. I found that it was a great book with a lot of twists and turns in the plot. I had a tough time putting it down. The end is a great treat that anyone who enjoys mysteries or thriller's should not miss!! A smart great book to pick up. Perfect for summer or beach reading.
Wow, this is one seriously f***'d up book, and I don't say that lightly. It took me a good three weeks to get through the first half of the book. Very slow, when you consider that I can easily read 100 pages in a day. I should have been done this book in less than a week. Then I picked up the book once more to slog through a few more pages, when all of a sudden, it came at me like a frigging freight train. I finished 200+ pages in a day. I could not put it down at all. At. All.The characters are so messed up in so many ways. And I can't say much more than that, because I'm afraid I'll spoil it. If you haven't read it, you should read it!All I can say is that I hope my life never becomes like this book. Or that I ever become that messed up.
The writer makes you love and then hate both of the main characters right up to the last sentence in the book.  I also can't decide if I'm comfortable liking a book that makes New Yorkers snobby better than though types and Midwesterners overall trashy with a useless existence.  I suppose that was part of the love to hate plan...and there is always some truth behind stereotypes.  Regardless, I found myself deep into these characters and after a slow start I couldn't put the book down.
This is a great book. Lots of surprised throughout. At one point I thought I had figured the book out and almost quit reading but suddenly a shocking change. Read until the end, you will not be disappointed!!
I'd heard all the hype about this book and was eager to check it out. It was interesting but I thought it was way too drawn out. I was really disappointed!
Wow! Wow! Wow! This book is simply amazing! I can't remember the last book that played with my mind and shocked me! I think it was last years "Before I Go To Sleep". I don't even know how many times I said "only one more chapter." if life didn't get in the way, I could have finished this alot sooner. It was like reading a twisted version of the Scott Peterson case. I'm still not sure how I feel about the ending. I think I need time to just think about the whole thing. What a great book though! I will say, this would make an AWESOME movie!Edit: I read this in June 2012 and you know what?! I still think about this book constantly! It still wows me! I am always looking for my next "gone girl like book" and so far I haven't found one as good as this. Definitely an all time favorite!
I don't even know how to write a review without giving anything away. It was brilliant in it complexity. The things these two people did and went through. I never knew what to believe. I found myself always thinking about what was happening; delving deeper into their relationship, even comparing little nuances of their marriage with my own and how seemingly easy it seemed for everything to spiral out of control with them. I thought about it while at work, at home washing dishes. When I wasn't busy I wanted to be reading this. I think the only reason that I didn't rate more was because of the ending. I like my endings tied up neatly in a bow and this one was not.
I was captivated by the story and the characters and the sense of past and present. But at the midway point I had to regroup and in the end the book left me with a bad feeling - sad and dark. Should you read it? Yes. Will you love it? I just don't know.
This book grabs you from page one.  I loved every minute of it but I thought the last chapter kind of rushed the ending.  I guess I just really wanted it to go on!!
Gillian Flynn is my new favorite writer.  I read Gone Girl first, liked it so much I got both of her previous novels (which aren't quite as good, but still excellent, particularly Sharp Objects).  Flynn knows how to write.  And she knows how to spin a yarn.  Great reading from start to finish.
While I had no sympathy for either of the main characters, the book was suspenseful and well written.  Actually, I had a bit of sympathy for the husband.
Some people seem to think that just because you hate everyone in this book that it isn't enjoyable.  I enjoyed hating the characters very much.  It's not going to win a Nobel Prize but it's a fun romp.
Dark and twisted, just the way I like it. Keeps you guessing until the VERY end. Loved it and can't wait to read her other 2 books. Yay for Gillian Flynn and her dark dark mind!
This isn't the genre that I usually read, but I ended up plowing through this book in three short sessions.  It was well written, intense & had great twists and turns that kept me interested.  Definitely worth a read!
WARNING: What's about to follow is a review from a reader who only made it to page 220 and abandoned the book, but that doesn't mean that you shouldn't read it! It's superbly written, witty, dark, and twisted. Yet I couldn't identify with the characters and couldn't finish it. Here is why.When I picked up Gone Girl, I was ready for a sick twisted thrill of some mystery and perhaps madness and perhaps even a glimpse into a psychopathic mind. I got none. It had a promising start but by about page 10 I started wondering who the characters really were, turning page after page, waiting for some glimpse inside, and it was eluding me. Stuff was happening, but emotionally it was empty. I needed to know WHY the characters were doing what they were doing. I read some more, hoping to find out, and then I started sensing something fishy, like there was a mystery but it was too thinly veiled. In short, the big reveal on page 219, THE BIG TWIST, I saw it coming from the very beginning. I guess that was my last straw.Gone Girl is a story told in two alternating story lines, one by Nick, the husband, and one by Amy, the wife, both narratives about 6 years apart in time that collide close to the end (I skimmed to last chapter.) It's a hoppity game-like narration with very choppy, snarky, and sometimes very bitter observations, about marriage, about love, about life in general. At times it almost sounded like a bitter black-and-white observations of two teenagers who think they're adults. I'm okay with bitterness, but this bitterness felt like it had no ground, there was not enough meat for me to believe as to WHY these two people would do the things they did to each other. I wanted backstory, I wanted to know their real pain. Well, I didn't find it by page 220, so I abandoned the book.BUT! Don't listen to me. If you're looking for a light snarky oh-my-god-what-will-happen-next read, go for it. If you're not the type that likes to drill deep into a book's meaning, you might like it. Remember, this is simply my personal opinion, and that's all there is to it. It might not have been a perfect book for me, but it might be a perfect book for you. It was too much unfounded unreasoned bitterness for me, that's all.
Love love loved this book. Great twists and turns at every page . I will recommend this book to mystery lovers and anyone who just wants to read a book that you can't put down until you have read the last page
The story kept you on edge wondering who did what to whom but I hated the way the author played her characters lives.  I didn't see a redeeming likeable character in the entire book.
This book was amazing! I could not put it down. I even held my breath as I was reading it. It had such a deep plot. My head is spinning! I definitely suggest this book!
I enjoy good writing more than a good story, and I enjoyed this immensely. I don't like crime stories, usually, because I get impatient and peek ahead to the end when I'm about 1/4 way through. I don't want to get attached to the bad guy,but  in this book I really just wanted to read the story and get to know the characters. Flynn is a master of turning a phrase. And I did not feel cheated by the ending, maybe because it wasn't really important to me.
Gone Girl reminded me a little of the "moving stickers" I used to love as a kid.  As you move the sticker, the image moves, giving you a sense of a scene change and a different pose or view and this story was like that. If you tilt it one way, it is a straightforward whodunit with mystery, suspense, double crosses and people who double cross the double crossers.  Tilt it the other way and it is a dark and disturbing book that takes something relateable (a crumbling relationship) and takes you on a trip into the minds of two people whose marriage has become a whited sepulcher; on the outside they are like many married couples at a certain bumpy stage, but on the inside they are decaying in a terrifying way. Stories that are layered can be hard to structure and pace, but Gone Girl was outstanding in both respects.  Most mysteries have, at least in some part, a moral compass in the form of a character or story line that keeps the reader within sight of a true north.  No matter how bad things seem, there is that figurative light at the end of the book.  That is not so with this story.  As the layers are revealed, your opinion as a reader shifts and sways until you are unsure of whether a moral compass ever existed in the first place.Some of the brilliance of this book was that both narrators become unreliable at different times in the story.  I usually avoid this type of vehicle for storytelling because I find it annoying, quite frankly, but it worked perfectly in this case.  It begins with two people who think they know themselves, moves to the horror of true honesty and comes back to self delusion.  I was also simultaneously taken aback and fascinated by the way women are written in this book.  This genre has a history of putting females in boxes; the siren, the tragic noir heroine, the psycho b*tch from hell, the innocent, etc..  Gillian Flynn's female characters embody all of those archetypes, and while there is no doubt that there is a certain brutality in female relationships, in this case it seemed to sneak into the story and I almost didn't notice it until I really thought about why this book haunted me so much.  There is no pretty language to describe the emotional brutality in the relationships between friends, spouses or acquaintances and the author seems to take the expectations that she knows you have about human behavior and uses it against you.  The mystery itself is unbelievably brilliant in its structure, but I think the frame that surrounds the story is our ability and need to fool ourselves when faced with truths we simply cannot process.  In the end, I almost wanted everyone to just give up and go back because it seemed much less painful for all involved.  A lot has been said about the ending and I won't discuss it it detail, obviously, but I will say that it was so ominous that it took my breath away, which was perfect.  It would have been a disservice to the book to have it any other way.
I couldn't put this book down, which is clearly the best recommendation you can give a book.  I won't say any more because I don't want to give anything away.
OMG! This book is "amazing", pun intended. Lot's of twists and turns. Psycho bitch is right on the money,BUT who among us hasn't pretended? We all have and we always will.
Although both characters have done some major wrong things, I felt that the ending was wrong on so many levels.  Some of my friends say that they both deserve the misery.
This is one delicious twister of a book. It's really not what I expected from the reviews. I had stayed away from spoilers because I knew it had "What the heck just happened?" twists. The twists are head-spinning. This is the second Gillian Flynn book I have read and man does she have a talent for extremely odd but beautifully apt descriptions and imagery. I can't recall an example here but I don't know how many times my jaw dropped at some incredible phrasing.Characters. It says a lot that you will feel sympathy for the emotional distant, apathetic husband who is cheating on his wife.The wife is an unforgettable psychopath: so much so that I question if such psychopathic planning is even possible. It's a little over the top. I really would like to know if she is any way based on a living person.There are a lot of people who have criticized the ending. I guess having read a Flynn book, it did not at all surprise me that there is no happy ending. She doesn't seem to do those. The ending is open and it is difficult to imagine that any good could come of these two people.Flynn, a former writer for Entertainment Weekly, gleefully skewers the entertainment industry press while adding pop culture nuggets here and there like name dropping authors whose works you have probably read but whose names you can't recall. Many books incorporate some famous work of literature in the stories, but this one happily doesn't base a plot point on a famous work but instead references several works in a passing mention. I liked that.
I actually rarely read fiction. My job requires me to read a great deal, but I was looking for something that would hold my attention and provide a good &#34;escape&#34; from work related reading. This book was GREAT! Never a dull moment, with plenty of unexpected twists and turns. Very well written and interesting up to the very end. I loved the fact that it was unpredictable but not unbelievable. I'll definitely read more by this author!
So hard to review or rate this book.  I give it 3 1/2 stars.  Well-written, engaging, but the story is so "far-out" it leaves you with a sense of disappointment, almost outrage.  It's as if theauthor sat down with the premise "what if...?" and tried to carry it as far as shepossibly could.  What you get is two characters who you cannot believe have muchresemblance to real people.  And they are so unlikeable do you care about them atall, when everything is said and done?  What is Amy Elliott Dunne?  Is she a brilliant, "normal" woman who simply hates men and is obsessed with manipulating them and trumping them to get the lastlaugh as her sole goal in life?  Or is she a sociopath masquerading as a normal "girl next door" type?  Nick is more believable as the wronged husband who committed his own mistakes, but is forced to live out his days with the preposterous consequences of being married to Amy in the first place.  The best part of this book is the author's pervasive grasp of a lot of the phoniness in relationships in our society, and her understanding of the hardships and stressors many married couples face. Sometimes I could hear myself thinking "wow, Gillian Flynn has nailed it".What I just couldn't believe is that Amy could get away with what she did or that the police didn't figure the whole thing out (or enough of it).  The author's glib narration of how Amy is ableto "handle" and bamboozle everyone is just too smooth, too easy, and makes the police appear as incompetents at best, or silly, cardboard characters at worst.  Other plot twists are just too convenient, and not consistent with Amy's intelligence and ability to control everything.  I think the book would have been more of a thriller if the author had withheld the main plot changer until much closer to the end of the book.  The actual ending was also strange, and a lead balloon.
It took about 25% of the way through the book before it picked up, and then it took off. Good read. Glad my Kindle gives me definitions because she likes big words, which fit with the characters. Overall, I enjoyed the read, but definitely different.
The beginning of the story was slow, but kept my interest.  Somewhere around page 100 the story improved and I enjoyed it.  As the story unfolded, and the twists and turns fell into place the ending was a bomb. It was very disappointing. I do not recommend reading it.
The book starts off with such a sweet, readable style that makes you feel instantly interested in the characters. However it quickly turns into a second rate episode of Dateline. The husband and wife, who are your storytellers, through there own parts in the saga(interesting style of storytelling), are both equally unlikable & unbelievable . I mean some of the things the husband does throughout the story are so unbelievably stupid that you hope he does go to prison for the rest of his life(maybe that is her point, men are stupid). The wife is so psychotic and unbelievably illogical(maybe that's her point, women are crazy). The fact that the author use to write for Entertainment Weekly should come as no surprise as I felt like I was reading one of there terrible editorials often during the very tedious(and sometime filthy) middle part of this book. The story is just intriguing enough to make you want to finish the book. Man will you be disappointed, the ending is just Awful, really  unfulfilling, and extremely unrealistic. It is worth a read if you like semi mysteries that have two dimensional characters and not much use for logic.  Should make for another horrible David Fincher movie(poor Afflek)BTW this awful half talent hack, had the scrotes to bash It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia when she was trolling for EW(the worst entertainment magazine EVER!!!!) she said they were unoriginal, and then wrote this carbon copy of every dateline episode I have ever suffered through, congrats on all your success, it won't make your writing any better, or your opinions any less LAME!!!!!!  Poor poor Afflek
First reading of author G. Flynn and was very pleasantly surprised.  Became very sympathetic at the beginning of the book to the first person narrator; then, a total reversal.  Very will done.  Will continue to read this author.
It's hard to describe this book without giving anything away, and it doesn't sit nicely in any one genre. It's sort of a who-dunnit, but not really, and it's sort of a thriller, but it's one of the funniest thrillers I've ever read. Nick Dunne is a laid-off writer who moved back to Carthage, Missouri to take care of his ailing mother. His wife is also a laid-off writer, the inspiration for her parents' Amazing Amy series of children's books. On the morning of their fifth anniversary, Amy goes missing. The living room shows signs of a struggle. The door was left standing open. And the police are very interested in Nick's whereabouts...And we'll leave it at that. This is the new "it" book for the summer, so when you're finished with the Fifty Shades trilogy, this is what you should be moving on to. And unlike Fifty Shades, Gone Girl is extremely well-written and full of quotable lines. Here are a few favorites:"Trying to make myself remember the suffering in Darfur. To put things into perspective. Which, I guess, is just further exploiting the people of Darfur.""Does anyone to anything profusely except apologize? Sweat, I guess."Flynn captures the culture of Missouri flawlessly (after Winter's Bone, this is the second thriller I've read that was set in Missouri, so is that a thing now?) and very believably articulates the relationships between the characters. Amy and Nick repeat each others jokes and both misuse the word "literally". Amy and his twin sister margo finish each other's sentences, etc, etc. And if the prose doesn't suck you in, the plot twists will.I did have a couple of problems with this book. The ending deflated a bit, not that it was an unsatisfying ending, but it felt like a coda on top of a coda on top of a coda. And then there's the fact that the two principle characters are writers. Aren't all the lead characters in popular literary fiction either writers or academics? Neither of these ruined the book for me.So do yourself a favor and add this one to your summer reading list. It's remarkably well-executed fun and it's the book everyone will be talking about in a month.
Unfortunately someone in my book club picked this to read, otherwise I would have stopped reading after a few chapters.  This is a talented author who definitely has the ability to write, but that's as far as it goes for me.  It was unique having the story written in a narrative format by both of the lea  characters, Nick and Amy.My problem are as follows:It's hard to read a book in which all the characters are evil and unlikeable (Nick's mom had about the only redeeming qualities in the story)Portrayed Midwesterners are dumb hicks who all live to cook and have a "thing" about tupperwareLikewise the New Yorkers and especially writers were all stereotyped - it made me think of something from the beatnik eraTake out the "F" word and the book would be 100 pages shorterTake out all the crude words and sex scenes and the book would be cut in halfThe ending made me sick to my stomach thinking about its ramifications (I won't give it away, but it's not a happy thought for the future).Basically I felt like many people wrote that I needed a shower to clean off the filth from reading this book. Yes, I don't normally read this kind of stuff and it just reminded me why I don't.  Just glad a friend lent me the book and I didn't pay to put this kind of filth in my mind!  This may be somebody's idea of a bestseller, just not mine.
Gillian Flynn masterfully takes the reader on a journey that keeps you guessing at every turn.  I don't want to give anything away but this book has more twists and turns than a roller coaster.  When you finish it you will want to talk to anyone you know who has read it in order to get their take on it.  Well done!
I have read all of Gillian Flynn's other books, so I was biting my nails waiting for this new release. As soon as I got, I settled in for what I just knew was a good book. I'm actually sad to say I was a bit disappointed. I mean it was a good story that at times got so long winded, you were ready to skip pages, and then the ending just kind of fell flat.I was not prepared to be disappointed, because her other books had me reeled in from page 1. I see there are a lot of positive reviews, and yes it is okay, but I guess I expected more from this great author. The best way to summarize, I would have preferred that this book was on the free list and her first two were regular priced. I wouldn't have felt so bad if that were the case.
I was pleasantly surprised by this novel, since I was unfamiliar with the author and not expecting much.  It is well-written and definitely a thriller.  She keeps you hooked until the end!
Fairly quick read, whether you like it or not (you can't put it down, so don't even try).Loved it!
The last part of this book is revitting.  Great charcters and plot.  It would make a great movie. Good read.
Was just looking for a good book and took a chance on this since it was highly rated.  I don't always agree with the masses, but this is great.  I love how the story twists and turns.
I really tried to read this book, but I could not bear how awful each of the characters were and how awful they were to each other - they deserved every awful thing that happened to them. I stopped reading it. Life is too short to read awful books like this
What a great book.  I enjoyed the twists and turns created by Gillian Flynn.  She is a master story teller.
I ripped through this book so fast- I could not put it down. I even put my hand over the page on the right side to keep my eyes from straying over! I read it as I brushed my teeth, as I stirred our dinner...when one reads a lot, one can usually see the formula and figure out what is next. Not so with this one. I loved all the twists and turns...right to the last page. Highly recommended for a suspenseful but not gory, explicit read.
For 90% of the book I say kudos to Gillian Flynn. She had me hooked from the beginning. Her storytelling is very contemporary, realistic, and believable. Her idea to alternate characters, Amy telling her story through her diary, and Nick telling his story in the moment was excellent and kept me turning the page. As I would finish a chapter from Amy's point of view, I couldn't wait to finish the Nick chapter so I could get back to Amy. But then as I finished from Nick's point of view, I couldn't wait to get to Nick's next chapter. Many writers these days tend to write chapters from the point of view of different characters which I find interesting but sometimes confusing, and not once did I have to remind myself from whose point of view the chapter was from - that takes tremendous writing ability. Another aspect of the book that demonstrates a great skill in storytelling is the way Flynn gets the reader to connect with the characters. I was amazed at how I felt disgust for Nick and empathy for Amy and in the blink of an eye, my feelings reversed. I don't know that I've ever read a book that caused my feelings for the characters to flip flop in such a way. Also, without giving too much away, I will say that the "perfect crime" that is the basis of the storyline is so unbelievable that it's believable. Nick says once in the book "the bigger the lie, the more believable" and I think that's a perfect description of the storyline. The book was utterly amazing...until the last 10%. As other reviewers have stated, the ending was boring, anticlimactic, and just really a let down which is so sad considering how intriguing the rest of the book is. Even with the disappointing ending, I'm glad I read the book and would recommend it to others.
Wow!!  This book was a true ride!!  The first half of it was good but the second half really took off!  The marriage of Nick and Amy was a little, no alot, SCARY!!  Goes to show that it's possible for a person to be married for a number of years and still not know their spouse.  I was totally surprised by the ending but I don't want to give any spoilers away!  You just NEED TO READ THIS BOOK!!  Best one I have read this year!!  Highly recommend!!  :o))
When it comes to novels,  I think that we as readers generally believe that we can trust the narrator. We may see the narrator lie to others within the novel, but I think that generally, we know that they're telling the truth to us, because we're the chosen few who get a glimpse of what's going on in that particular character's head.That said, within the first few chapters of Gone Girl (which is told alternating between Nick and Amy as narrator), it becomes obvious that either one or both of the narrators are lying to us. Or at the very least, they're not telling us the complete truth. It shortly becomes obvious that small lies are building and building--but to what end?In the heart-racing second act of the book, we find out just how extensively we've been lied to, and a whole new world of possibility about Amy's disappearance opens up. And let me tell you, it's a doozy. It sort of feels like a descent into madness, as we begin to question everything we know as a reader, because even after we know the WHO, we don't quite yet know the WHY. That is, until Gone Girl moves into the skin-crawling third and final act, in which the reason behind it all is revealed...and it's even more creepy than I ever could have imagined.Gillian Flynn was an author who was not at all on my radar before...but she certainly is now! It's been a long, long, long time since I felt so genuinely surprised by a book. Since I had no idea what to expect or what could possibly be coming next. I'm not sure I've EVER been as severely creeped out while reading a novel as I was when I came to the final pages of Gone Girl...and although it seems strange to wholeheartedly recommend a book for being creepy, I absolutely am. It's indescribable, and you just simply must read it now.
This novel twists and turns and I absolutely could not put it down.  I read it in one day and bet you will do the same.  The story centers around a marriage that is not what it seems and we get to see what is behind the closed door.  Both husband and wife are at times suspect and victim and we don't know until the end what really happened, or why.  Even after the end is revealed you will still be thinking about this book.  Read it!
The plot kept taking "amazing" twists and turns...Flynn kept me on edge throughout this book.not going to lie, I might sound a bit prudish, but some of the language was a bit too colorful for my taste but overall it did really help set the tone for the story of Nick and Amy.
This is a good, active mystery.  It is a different take on an old story.  Not boring at all.  Did he?  Didn't he?  Did she?  Did someone else?  Moves quickly along and has  quirky characters. A nice change of pace as it is a well-written story that reads like no other.
Good book, kept me guessing until the truth about certain characters began to trickle in. Even then, the author kept me changing my mind as to who the bad person really was and whether I was picking up on the right signals or missing something. Cant ask for more from a &#34;whodunit&#34;.
Not having started reading GONE GIRL until more than a year after its original publication, I have little to add to what's already been said about the book, other than I enjoyed the hell out of this intricately plotted roller-coaster ride. Amy and Nick are fully developed main characters (unlikable though they may be), and the story kept me reading much later into the night than I ought. Sure, perhaps the ending was a little "wait, whaaaat?" but upon reflection I think it was fitting. Let's just say that everyone got pretty much what they deserved.
I enjoyed the story, it was very engaging and the murder mystery pulled me right in. Gillian's writing style is also quite entertaining. The problem with the story is that I didn't find the characters very likable. Perhaps the story the story would be even more appealing if it had a true protagonist to root for. So, I'm it 4 stars.
I bought the Kindle version of this novel when it first came out, LONG AGO, and it is STILL on the bookshelves (virtual and actual alike)!  The book was very well written and reminded me of a long ago Agatha Christie (boy, does that date me!) when you were in suspense to the very end.  However, this seems to be a one time shot with this author - her other novels are not that great...............
This was a page turner an exactly read. If you love a good suspense/mystery this is definely a book for you. From beginning to end this book will not disappoint.
This is a cleverly written book, she's indeed a Good Writer; but I did not like but one character in it, I felt like I'd been slimed, actually; Slimed and Had.I'd prefer to spend my time w/ Elmore Leonard, or Richard Ford.
A little slow in the beginning and loaded with a lot of extra details, but they become important once you get almost halfway through.
This book was a disappointment.  I really don't know how it ended up on the bestseller's list.  It  was kind of interesting at certain points, but the ending was a bomb!
Let me just say the hype surrounding this book is way too much (in my opinion). I thought the book was okay. The first part of the book is hard to get into. I wanted to stop SO many times. I read other reviews which stated the same thing and then a friend of mine said the same thing. So I kept reading. The second part is when this book comes to life. And the ending is like WHAT!!!  Reader beware...
The book started out slowly because I disliked both characters.  The further I got into the book the more I disliked them both but found the premise interesting enough to keep reading.  About a quarter of the way into it I thought I had it figured out - ha, more twists.  After 1/2 of the way through I was hooked - still dislike the characters intensely but now I can't wait to see what the end brings.
I won't give anything away but I will tell you that every time you think you have this novel figured out, you don't.  The author has a very expressive writing style that is mature and intelligent.  The whole style of the book is so unique that it's quite refreshing.  For me, it was a little slow at first but about a third of the way into the book I couldn't put it down!
i never read mysteries. I had no idea what it was about. The title was given out for a book club. I've since told many people about the book and each one came back with either intense discussion, and / or a two-thumbs up.
I am not a mystery reader but I really liked this book. It had many twists and turns, was very well written and had a some interesting psychological drama in there. Would recommend!
It is one of the best suspense books I have ever read.  It was intriguing, the plot was twisted and it kept me on the edge of my seat - had a hard time putting it down.  The end was unexpected but terrific!
This is a good book that keeps you guessing throughout. There are three sections and each section has a completely different perspective. The book alternates between two narrators, and clearly utilizes the unreliable narrator technique. I will say that I couldn't put this book down, and I was impressed that I was really surprised by the directions the book took.My only issue is the ending. I won't give anything away, but while it wasn't a horrible ending, it was definitely not close to par with the rest of the book. I went back to make sure I hadn't skipped a few pages at the end, which is never a feeling I love when I've supposedly "finished" a book.This book is a unique exploration into the lives of Amy and Nick Dunne, and it's worth reading if you can forgive an unsatisfying end.
I don't know how this book got any good reviews.  The ending was extremely disappointing and lame.  It ruined the entire book for me.  I've never read Gillian Flynn before and don't think I'll be reading her again anytime soon.
It started out a bit slow and confused me.Once I got through a few chapters I got really into it.Only half through it but am looking forward to finishing it as it is all drama now and great reading.
This is the best crime novel I have read this year.I haven't read any of the author's previous novels, but I do remember reading great reviews about them here and there and that they were commercially successful. So when I was given the chance to read Gone Girl, I simply took it. And as you can guess from the first line in this article I really loved it.This is the story of Nick and Amy, and what a story it is. Nick has spent most of his adult life in New York working as a journalist. He used to write about the movies and TV and review books, and live a somewhat worry-free life. And then he met Amy, a woman who at first sight took his breath away and made him believe that she were the one he always dreamed of meeting. Thus he fell in love with her and she fell in love with him, and then they got married, wishing to live together their happily ever after. However their everyday lives were constantly under the heavy shadows created by Amy's parents, the ones that gave her life and robbed it of her.How did they do that? Well, they were both writers, a writing team actually, and together they created a series of books with the adventures of the Amazing Amy. The Amy of the books though was someone who the real life one could never be. And the Amy of the books became kind of a weight on her young shoulders and a curse for her life, since she made her a target: beloved by fans, haunted and hunted by stalkers.Before she met Nick she felt completely alone, having him by her side she became the cool girl that she always wanted to be. Nick has set her free, however, her happiness wasn't meant to last forever.First came the economic crisis, which led her parents to bankruptcy. Then came Nick's letting go from his job and finally came the move from New York to a little town in North Carthage, where Nick was born.So, all of a sudden, her happy life became unhappy and her successful marriage a prospective failure. Joy and laughter were replaced by tension and anger. They hit rock bottom.Amy though desperately wanted things to be the way they used to be, and she started working in order to stir their relationship towards that direction. However, just before her efforts started bearing fruit, she all of a sudden vanished from the face of the earth. Where did she go? Was she abducted or did she simply run away? Could she be dead? If yes, who was it that killed her? As usual the husband is considered the prime suspect. Nick keeps protesting his innocence, but his behavior is considered curious if not suspicious by everyone who meets him, as well as from the general public.Who is Nick? And who was Amy? These are the big questions here. Is Nick as careless and detached as he seems? Was Amy as bright and innocent as she looked?The author gives us a chance to take a good look into the private, but mostly separate lives, of her heroes, through diary entries, thoughts and discussions. Nick and Amy, they both say their own version of the story, and they both hide more than what they say.The more one reads the bigger the mystery becomes and the twists and turns come in waves. Nothing is what it seems and all the clues lead some of the main characters from one dead end to the next.The final solution is just as surprising as the facts that precede it, but what one mostly enjoys by reading this book is its built-up, the whole construction of a world that's in many ways amazing, just as much as Amy.
I loved the twisty plot and the excellent writing, but was disappointed with the ending. It was both unsatisfying and implausible. Which was such a letdown after thoroughly enjoying the read. I hear the author has reworked the ending for the upcoming film. This is a rare case where deviating from the book is justified.
Loved the book. Great writing.  Overall, it's a unique read.  But man, the story is so effed up, and so are the characters.  In a typical novel,  normally you develop  like or dislike toward certain characters, but in this book, I have no idea who to root for.
I was really impressed with this very unique novel.  What an interesting read!  Plot twists like you won't believe.  It will go fast, believe me.
Having read Dark Places, I was really looking forward to Gone Girl Gone. What can I say...I hated it. This novel represents everything I loathe in the crime genre - increasingly unbelievable plot turns, unforgivably cliched characters (Tanner Bolt, really??), unlikely motivations and actions, a heavy reliance on convenient coincidence...need I go on? This is a far less accomplished piece of writing than Dark Places and I cannot recommend it. There is nothing new, clever or compelling here, fellow readers. One star, at best.
I love a good mystery, and this book was beyond good! Just when the reader thinks she/he has it ALL figured out, they realize they don't. Nope. The story has been rearranged, shook up, and according to whoever is now telling their story, a different view pops up. I hope to use this book for my club, unless someone else snatches it before I can.
The story starts out slow. I always finish a book I start I'm glad I did. Once you think you have it figured out it takes a turn. The book took me for a few loops when I thought I had it figured out. It's a page turning book you won't want to put down once it gets going.  You start to hate the character Nick and then your not so sure. I have never read a book quite like this. I read it for six hours straight today and finished it after a slow few weeks. I'm looking forward to the movie which I didn't know about until last week. I love reading books that become movies. Sounds cheesy I know.
I'm not a fan of pop fiction but after many glowing recommendations I gave Gone Girl a try. I found nothing to like (or learn from) in this twisted "love" story between two unlikable flawed characters in an uninteresting setting.  On a positive note, it kept me reading right to the end, often bored but still hoping.  The concept had potential so I hung in there, trusting, amusing myself with thoughts of how the story could twist and/or turn and end up meaningful or interesting but alas, it did not happen. When I got to the last line, I turned the page to start the next chapter only to realize that it was over.  It was an unsatisfying, irritating non-ending!  After 480 pages, the characters did not evolve other than being more forthcoming with one another about their psychological shortcomings.  In addition, had I read the author's acknowlegement section (many pages, on and on with cutsy in-jokes etc), I would not have chosen the book.  The only thing that might have saved this book is if it had been hilariously funny.
Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl is another of those books that are easier to admire than love. It's hard to review without littering spoilers all over the yard, so I'll have to speak in generalities.Technically, it's a home run. It features dead-solid character building and voices that are perfect for not only the outides but also the insides of the characters, even some of the minor ones. Then when the twist comes - and it's a sailor's knot of a twist - Flynn manages the quadruple-jump-10-for-technical-difficulty feat of completely reversing the characters she's built so painstakingly in the first half. So, as a master class in character development, it's hard to beat.And yet...this book has the highest percentage of truly repellent characters of any I've read lately. The personas Flynn builds in the first half are not merely annoying New York types (be it resolved: New York writers are hereby prohibited from writing about New York writers) but also totally geared to lead us down the path into a Lifetime TV movie. Then there's that twist, and the freak show goes completely out of control. Flynn has no hangups whatever about making her characters highly hateable. As a writer, I could appreciate the sheer bravado of what she was doing; as a reader, it felt like those times when I've watched a History Channel doc on the WWII Nazi-Soviet front and found myself wishing there was some way for both sides to completely annihilate each other so neither would win. Perhaps this was the intended reaction. Just to round things out, this book has the bleakest ending of any I've read in a long time, including the ones in which everyone dies.Is Gone Girl worth reading? Again, as a technical exercise, it can't be beat. If you like wallowing in psychosis and dysfunction, this is for you. You'll never lose sight of the fact that the author is messing with you on every page. If this sounds like your kind of read, then run - do not walk - to get a copy. If, however, you want to like or identify with any of the characters in the book you're reading, or perhaps simply not wish all the characters would die, then move on; you won't find that here.
I liked this book. The twists are very entertaining and keeps you turning the pages.The end is a bit blunt for my liking, but I suppose it leaves open a world of possible endings.
So many reviews have covered the plot and I won't repeat that. I just want to add that the book is insightful, intelligent, interesting and really wonderful, until about three quarters of the way in. Then it becomes so strange and difficult to believe that I found myself losing interest. The ending was abrupt and honestly unbelievable. There is just no way two people could have behaved that way. And maybe that was the point, that Amy was gearing up again by the last page. Anyway, the ending left me wondering what happened. In the acknowledgements she does say she could not figure out how to end it, and unfortunately, it shows.
this is a decent mystery - the wife's thinking process is interesting but the husband's role is a little too contrived
This is not the type of story I would usually read. My wife told me about a review she read about this book. So, not having a better idea for a read, I tried it. After a couple chapters I was hooked. It is written in an unusual way, I was not sure at first if I liked it, but as I kept reading I came to enjoy it. And the ending will leave you wanting more! Always a good sign...
One if the best books I've read!  Simply amazing!  And kept me on the edge of my seat all the while.  A job well done.
I was so surprised that this book was so bad. I had read many reviews about how good it was and was anxious to read it.  It was wordy and rambling-  Once I start a book I usually stick to it, regardless of its quality, however, this one I had to send back .  I found myself skipping pages just so I could see what the author's was getting at.
I wanted to like this book, I really did.  I tried.  But in the end I couldn't.  It was the first time that I had read a book by Gillian Flynn.  I will have to try another book by her before I write her off.
The bulk of this book was addictive. Hard to put down, and that is why I feel the ending felt, well...rushed. it lost the build and deflated at the very end like a balloon. Now, I get the concept of the ending and what it meant, but it just didn't feel like the same book. And that's too bad because it was a great journey until then. Gillian Flynn is very talented and I will read more of her work.
Loved this book, very well written.  I liked this book much better than Sharp Objects by the same author. The characters were intriguing and I was on the edge of my seat the whole time.  I couldn't put this book down.
This book deserves to be on the top ten best list.Great surprise half way through. A pleasure to read.
This book had an intriguing plot but after a while it started to get very boring. Having Nick and Amy going back and forth, back and forth on the best way to out-best each other was tedious and as already stated, BORING!!!
The two main characters battled though out the book. However, I did not like the ending. Though most of the book thinks fix into. Place and we're reasonably believable. But the end had several points that were not tied together in a believable manner, therefore the end did not seem real.
First time I read this author .i really liked the story ,well writen I never could guess ahead . Should take a while for me to find another story this good .
Nick and Amy Dunne were both writers living in New York City, when the economy cost both of them their jobs, and then the couple moved back to Nick's hometown of North Carthage, Missouri, to help care for his dying mother. A born and bred New Yorker, she has to leave her parents, happily married psychologists who created a famous children's book series about Amy called Amazing Amy. The transition is tough for Amy, who doesn't find a job and finds it difficult to make friends, but she is supportive of Nick's buying a bar with his twin sister, Margo (aka "Go"). And even though their marriage hits occasional rough patches, they are making plans to celebrate their fifth anniversary.That afternoon, Amy disappears, and their home bears signs of a dangerous struggle. Nick cannot figure out what happened to his wife, although his interactions with the police and the media lead people to begin questioning his innocence. And Amy's diary paints an interesting picture of an increasingly difficult relationship. But as the clues mount and the surprises continue to be revealed, there is so much more to this relationship--and Amy's disappearance--than meets the eye. (And that's all I'll say for fear of revealing any crucial plot elements.)Gone Girl has been nearly universally hailed as a fantastic book, the one sure to launch Gillian Flynn's career into the stratosphere. (Her second novel, Sharp Objects was a best-seller.) I enjoyed this, but not nearly as much as others have. I flew through the first 200 pages and I had no idea what to expect, and then when the plot twists began to unfold, I found it more and more difficult to remain invested. It's a challenge to love a book in which many of the characters are so unsympathetic, but Flynn really is a terrific writer. (If you've never read her earlier books, Dark Places and Sharp Objects, they're both unmistakably creepy and well-written.)
This book just keeps coming and seems to live with it all: mystery, romance, meaning of life; and manages to be a page turner in the process. I can't believe I hesitated to purchase and read this great American novel.
Every married person should read it.  How well do you know your partner?  This book makes you ask that question.
At times I couldn't stop reading.  I didn't especially like the ending. Still liked the book, thinking of a better ending.
Great book!I have watched this novel on the top ten lists for months.  Finally I downloaded it and was very pleased that I did.
Rather strange book about a very disturbed young woman. Very well drawn out by Flynn. As she starts with the &#34;I&#34; husband interspersed with her diary entries. Very slowly she develops the plot and the twists. We are kept swinging back and forth until the very end.
Excellent writing.  I literally was spellbound until the end.  I recommend this for a wonderful read.  It could have been longer.  I was sorry to have it end.
Yes, men, too, should definitely read this diary-book that presents women as real people, genuinely created without fairy dust. Outstanding character development and lots of suspense make this novel cuts above most mystery reads.
it is well written and I would give it one star for that. but everything else about this book makes me want to puke!  it is a horrible story. and the characters: a psychotic woman and her selfish,self-centered, husband who has no consideration for anybody besides himself; a clueless wimp sister; incompetent police officers; inlaw parents from hell; friends, neighbors, girlfriends, ex-boy/girl friends.  there is not one even remotely likeable person in the whole bunch! not one!  I cant believe there is not one decent person in the whole state of Missouri but the author didn't find any of them if there are. she tops it off with a totally unsatisfactory ending.  there are lots of books I have read that I wished would never end.  this one didn't end soon enough.
I never give 5-star reviews. There is usually something that spoils it for me. This book, however, deserves every single star.&#34;Marriage is a Killer&#34; certainly sums up this story of a couple that truly evolve through the ebbs and flows of marriage. This suspense novel tells the story of a typical Lifetime-movie with such a clever framework that I immediately hate - yet grow to love. Poor Nick. Pitiful Amy. What happened? We find out over the course of the year of HELL and it's not pretty. Not in the least bit.Let's talk about the structure and tone of the book. Absolutely astounding. Throughout Part 1, I *despised* the first-person, the diary entries, and the continual 'timeline announcement'. But, dear reader, you must give it a chance! Gillian Flynn uses this style to ever-so-effortlessly sway you into feeling exactly what you end up NOT wanting to feel! Your emotions sort of betray and expose you! And isn't that what a great novel does? Or at least should do??This one may not be for the traditionalists. It's not a suspense/mystery that is sappy and on-the-surface like so much popular fiction.It's deep, if you digest it and truly think about it.It's suspenseful, if you allow yourself to follow the story and pick up the slight, quiet clues along the way.It's shocking, because...what the???It's worthwhile, because you probably won't read something like this again.PS - Cant wait for the major motion picture. It's better not disappoint!
Excellent book! Like a roller coaster...but I didn't like the ending...but I suspect that is the intent with a story like this. I hated characters...and then I didn't...then I did. This author has the gift of toying with her readers.
I enjoyed this book, it was a bit expensive but there were so many twists i didn't know which character i wanted to come out on top. the end however was a bit disappointing. I'd recommend this book.
This book got my attention in the first chapter. By the middle of the novel, I couldn't put it down. It had twists and turns that were totally unexpected but quite realalistic.
SPOILER ALERT !!!!!! SPOILER ALERT !!!!!!I was blown away by this book. It's raw. It's explosive and it goes to some dark interpersonal places that shed light on the crazy cocktail of doubt, fear and betrayal in a way that I have not read before. I have to say, though, that the character of Amy--even allowing that betrayal can lead many to the brink of psychosis, didn't ring true for me. Especially in the end. I enjoyed going on the ride. Getting ensnared in her bizarre, bitter, &#34;everyone sucks but me&#34; world view was cringe-worthy, but I didn't relish the book 2 part of this story like I did the first book. Maybe it's because I wanted to read about how a more relatable person would go through this tragedy. Maybe I wanted Nick to be the killer. Maybe I had certain expectations that weren't met as a reader. All I know is when I got to the end I felt misery. Pure, unadulterated misery. And, I don't think that people can lead this kind of miserable life for very long. In the end, I believe Nick would leave. I didn't believe his motive to stay. Staying means Amy wins. Staying means living in fear for the rest of his life even as he can't imagine life without her. He has certain rights. He has a trail of who she is. I don't buy that Nick would stay with Amy in the way that he did. But, who knows what goes on in the hearts of men and the women they love? Flynn does an excellent job of bringing us into Amy & Nick's world with wonderful anecdotes and details that switch up and play out over time in unique, thrilling ways. I think this is one read where I can honestly say that when I read &#34;the end&#34; I don't know these characters at all. I can't even imagine their future. I can't imagine what Amy and Nick look like &#34;riding out into the sunset.&#34; There's a deep foreboding.
Such great twists! Definitely keeps you on your toes and guessing the whole time. Great read! Couldn't put it down!
Disturbing and suspenseful. I don't think a book has ever made me this angry, except for maybe Gone With the Wind. I wasn't even sure if I liked it after finishing it, but I think Flynn did such a great job of pulling the reading and and of evoking a lot of emotion.
Loved the story. I couldnt put it down. BUT I HATED THE ENDING!  So wierd. It went nowhere and left me wishing there was more but glad it was over at the same time. I wouldn't recommend it unless you like to be very frustrated at the end of a good read
This book is absolutely twisted! You can't put it down - anything can change at any moment. Strange thing is that you end up rooting for a different character with every chapter. Absolutely addictive.
It took me a weekend to read..need I say more!  A well-written ever changing story, that kept me guessing .
The suspense of what had really happened and how it would all play out drew me in and kept me reading.  It's a pretty twisted story, but I enjoyed it.  I didn't much care for the ending, though.
I was so invested in this book that I couldn't help sharing with my husband and than  he was so invested he was continually asking what happened. You find yourself loving and hating the characters in this book. You will root for them one minute and want to kill them the next. Just as you think you know what is happening you discover you are wrong.
well written, entertaining if a bit unrealistic as i went on but then the end? made absolutely zero sense. story full of holes. silliness.
I love to read.  I read a lot.  But I do not like to read books that have language like this, and would like to have it rated.  I do not know people who talk like this for which I am grateful.  I did struggle through it, and the story was interesting, and could have been so much better with proper English.
4 Stars for good writing, but I didn't like the story. Diary Amy was nice, but she was supposed to be. Everyone else just grated on my nerves. And "Go" as a nickname for Margo?  Seriously???  The first half of the story was certainly intriguing but the latter was exhausting. Every chapter ended with a "dun-da-dun!".  And I was anxious to be done with it all.
After reading all the reviews about this book, I was disappointed in the ending.  I really thought this book was not all that good considering the details leading up to the end.  He stayed with this nut!  My book club members felt the same.
I'm sure you've already heard about this book. It is good, there's a twist at the end. It'll keep you guessing, and you won't be able to put the book down.The only reason I didn't rate it is because I didn't like the ending. :)
As I read this book - I literally kept thinking 'wow, my five year anniversary is right around the corner....'You want to root for Amy, you want to root for Nick - and then everything starts.  One reason I liked this book - you get the perspective from both main characters - a day to day from Nick, and one from Amy.  We get to see the progression they didn't see.I found this to be an entertaining story - I do agree with some reviewers that the end felt odd - I had to re-read the last page to make sure I didn't miss something-it just ended without some big and grand - which I had come to expect after reading.I would recommend this book - if nothing else, go hug your spouse today.
First off, the language in this book is just insane. I am not a prude, and I don't mind the occasional cuss word, but one or two every page is too much. Second, I hated the characters. Nick is a complete jerk. I could not stand how he treated Amy. Amy on the other hand is a doormat. She lets Nick do whatever he wants to her and she just smiles and nods. This was not suspenseful at all, it was just bad. I got about 110 pages in and called it quits. If you think its a thriller you clearly haven't read many thrillers! Save your money!
An incredible gathering of wit, intrigue and seriously good writing will keep you enthralled with this novel. Flynn outdoes herself with such lifelike characters, I half expected to find Nick Dunne on my doorstep, or worse, his wife, Amy. You won't guess the plot turns or see the ending coming, even the subplot is worth five stars! Just a great, great read!
This book will keep you guessing!! Be prepared to be surprised as the plot unfolds! Very intriguing and well written!!
Love Gillian Flynn's writing.  She has such a way with words.  This also had a lot of topics for a book club discussion.
I generally liked reading the book, but I did not like the ending.i would recommend the book as easy reading.
Imagine, if you will, a happily-ever-after kind of marriage that slowly turns into a worst-case-scenario:  a minefield of hidden explosives.  You would then understand a little bit about the lives of Nick and Amy Dunne.She was the main character in her parents' Amazing Amy series that made them rich.  She was the only child, spoiled, receiving all the attention, yet craving something more.And there is Nick, born in the Midwest and dreaming of a special kind of life.  A writer, someone who could also claim the spotlight.  But then the economy collapsed.  He and Amy both lost their New York jobs and that life.  It's back to Missouri to Nick's hometown for the two of them, and the slow dismantling of the perfect life begins.Suddenly a dramatic shift:  it's their fifth anniversary and Amy is gone.  The search, the spotlight on Nick as a killer, and the now flat and devastated turf of their lives is shown to the clamoring public.Told through alternating points of view, we see Nick's story and what he shows us in bits and pieces; then we see Amy's tale told through diary entries.But in several surprising twists and turns, we begin to form a new picture of each of them.Gone Girl: A Novelreminds me a bit of the kaleidoscope toy I enjoyed in childhood:  you turn it one way, and the pieces assemble.  Then, with another shift, you have something entirely different.Gillian Flynn kept me captivated all through this story, and I kept guessing about how things would unfold, but she surprised me still again.  Could I even imagine how it would all turn out?  No...but then again, grab your kaleidoscope and watch it all reassemble in still another way.  Five stars!
There is a lot to like, if not love about Gone Girl but it bogs down in its own cleverness.  There are twists and turns that later seem to be contortions that stretch credulity.  Also, the same story told from different view points can't help but be redundant.  By all means skip 20 pages--I purposely did once just to see if it hindered my understanding--not a problem.  Also, the ending is very unsatisfying.  After trudging through the final third of the book I expected something with more bang, less whimper.
This book left me thinking for days about the world we live in. The characters are rich and well developed and whether you root for Amy or her husband you aren't really sure there is a winner in the end. Amazingly well written!
Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl is phenomenal. I had already downloaded this book when a friend of friend was talking about how good it is. I was afraid that she might have spoiled it for me when she said, "you don't know if the husband killed her or not." But that's really just the plot of the book.On the morning of Nick and Amy Dunne's fifth anniversary, Amy disappears and Nick is automatically a suspect. The whole first part of the book you don't know if he killed her. And I spent the whole time going back and forth. "I don't think he killed her." "He definitely killed her." "No, he's probably innocent." "Well, maybe he did kill her." I'm not kidding.Get ready for a few jaw-drop worthy surprises throughout the book, and be prepared to have trouble putting it down. I read every night until I was just too tired to go on. If you like mystery books, or even just well written books, I highly recommend Gone Girl. I wasn't a huge fan of the ending, but the journey to the end is well worth it.
I'm not going to summarize Gone Girl. I do not want to risk the chance I may leak spoilers because this is one of those books where it will ruin the entire story. Take the synopsis and go with it.I had a love hate relationship with Nick. I thought he was extremely interesting but I was so confused why he did half the stuff he did. I'm not entirely sure why he started lying to the cops from the get go, it just all around confused me. I did like the dryness of his character though. I hated Amy. At first I did like her but the more and more that was revealed in her diary pages, I hated her.  I'm really not going to say any more about the characters themselves because, like I said above, I don't want anything to be revealed. One thing I do have to say though is Gillian Flynn knows character development. There was absolutely no room for questions in her character building. If I wondered about something... it was soon answered. She had those characters, theirs flaws, theirs personalities perfected to a tee.The story was absolutely astonishing. I knew there was a twist going in. By the time I read this, it was out for so many months and had already been voted a pick for 2012 so I knew there was a twist but I had no idea it would take it to the level it did. I heard Gillian Flynn was an amazing thriller author but really? Those words don't even compare... I didn't expect half of what happened in Gone Girl.I absolutely adored Gillian Flynn's writing style. I cannot even pinpoint what it is, but there is something about her writing that just completely sucks you in. Upon finishing Gone Girl I went and bought her other two books... I heard they were even more mind-blowing than this one, which must be a lot.The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I thought the ending dragged on a bit. When there was about 25 pages left I found myself wondering where it was going to finish... and I could almost guess how it was going to end(but not entirely!).All in all this was an amazing thriller. I am finding it really hard to get into adult books lately, I find they are really draggy but this was the completely opposite, I didn't want to put it down. I know this review doesn't really say much about the book but if you have read it you will know why I am being so vague. Just pick it up... I doubt you will be disappointed
I thought this book was absolutely fantastic. There were tons of twists ans turns that totally keep you guessing and intrigued the whole time.  Such an amazing thrill to read!
This is an amazing novel! It was very in depth and I never knew what was going to happen next!
What a suspenseful book. The first few chapters took me a little to get into but once I started reading, I couldn't put it down. My first impressions changed quickly and I couldn't believe what was happening next. The last page of the book had one of my favorite few lines that I still go back to read. If you haven't read this yet, you need to make it your next read!
So amazing. I could not put Gone Girl down. A psychological thriller for sure. Very inventive and creative, like nothing before I've read. Go Gillian Flynn!!
Very slow start but keep reading because about half way through the books it starts to have twists and turns and you won't want to put the book down.
Holy moly cannoli!! What an awesome book!!! I read this book in 5 days, and loved every page of it! I've never read a book with so many twists, turns, truths, lies, mystery, suspense, secrets, psychotic minds in my life!!! This was my first book I've read by Gillian Flynn, and am excited to read her other books. I found myself gasping out loud with each secret that was revealed. I found my mouth hanging wide open as I read on. You really can't tell people about this book farther than what happens in the first 2 chapters, without giving something away. Bravo Gillian Flynn. The ending was so crazy, I didn't want it to end!! This would be a good book club book. AMAZING!!
Yes, the characters are not exactly loveable, but that is kind of the point of the book. In fact, you come away with a bad taste for people in general. The book is amazingly well-written and structured. I don't think a single incident was unimportant for the development of the plot or characters. This is how books should be written.
I had wanted to read this book for a long time. Gillian Flynn is a fellow Chicagoan and I had the privilege of meeting her at Printer's Row Lit Fest in the city a couple of years ago. There was much buzz about the book then and I was sorry I hadn't read it at the time  --- because I would have loved to ask some questions. Finally having read it, the book was extremely clever and well-written - unlike anything I've ever read before. The two points of view it was written from provided a great deal of intrigue which really kept the story going. Despite knowing the plot line, I am anxious to see the film once complete. Also written by Flynn, the film is being directed by David Fincher, whom she has said is her favorite director and will star Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike.
I couldn't put this book down.  I found it to be an easy read, but it still kept me interested and guessing at the ending.
My daughter told me about this book and I couldn't put it down. Great read and keeps you guessing even though you think you know how it will end
If you have read the book and are looking for opinions about this weird book and the major WTF? at the end, here's a 2 cent opinion.  Initially loved the book and like others who have so stated, wanted to recommend it to others via word of mouth before ending the book.  Glad I didn't.Yes, we get the whole modern day relationships Men are from Mars juxtapositioned with a twist that Woman are also from Mars....but the author did a mean trick by setting up for a big finish - considering the major plot turn with the kidnap and the subsequent murder - considering the fact that the male main character "Lance" kept repeating that he had something good in mind then totally wussed out - yeah, it was pretty bad.What is interesting is the trend in today's semi-literate book/kindle publishing pop culture is the fact that this book is somewhat (but more egregious I'll give you that) representative of the endings seen today for "best sellers."  The books start promising, they hook you with major plot twists and turns and then the ending just falls off a cliff or becomes so implausible that one tends to feel had.Can't wait for the movie.
This book was so striking, it's no wonder everyone I knew was talking about it. Without giving away too much, I will simply say that the author was a master of deception, because not only does she have characters who deceive each other, but we, the readers, were deceived as well (I mean this in a positive way). I found myself switching sides because of this, with strong feelings about the behaviors of each character. While many people I know had issues about the ending, I have to say that in a lot of ways there was a certain reality to it, with possible potential for a sequel. It's the kind of book you think about for a long time after you read it. You'll find yourself losing sleep over it, and wanting to talk about it with friends. This would be a great choice for a book club to read.
Gone Girl is a very interesting novel. I thoroughly enjoyed the book, though there was some harsh language that I feel the readers could have been spared. I loved the way the plot took a dramatic twist about a third of the way through. I was feeling like I could predict what was going to happen at first. All of a sudden the twist came out of no where and I was thrown hook, line and sinker into the crazy circumstances brought on by the antagonist. I would suggest this to people who like unpredictability and intrigue. However, the bad language was a bit over done. So if you don't want to read  the &#34;f  bomb&#34; you may think twice. I wish movies and books could  curb that word. We could all get along without it.
I thought the book was very interesting.  Lots of twists and turns.  I thought the wife had been murdered, but then the end told a whole different story.  Ending was a real surprise.  Good reading and got me hooked.
I'm 40 years old I've read all my life I love to read and I will read anything.  This is the first book ever I have hated!  I love a good crazy person or hating someone but these people I just could have cared less what happened to them.  Don't waste your time.
This book came recommended to me by my daughter who read it with her book club.  The first part is quiet annoying with all the back and forth - the second part sent me for a loop - didnt see that coming - but what happens at the end i think is a cop out - i think the author just didnt know how to end it and it just didnt work for me
Throughout the book i wasnt sure who i disliked most Amy or Nick. The novel starts slow with more inteospection than dialogue but once you get past the first few chapters you cant put it down. It follows amy and nick through their courtship and marraige, telling both sides of the story. One side is make believe while the other is true. You will never expect the twists and turns this story takes you on and in the end i think both parties get what they deserve.
This was a really good read until the end. There was clearly a lot of tension and suspense between good, bad and evil going on which was a fun ride. However at the end it took a U-turn when the two main characters are BOTH portrayed as being equally sick with no resolution.  I feel like I wasted a good journey--just to end up at a dead end. Maybe I was disappointed because it was on a "best mysteries" list. I don't think it belongs in that category.
Ominously clever.  The backgrounds of the characters are revealed through diary entries and actual events interwoven masterly throughout the page turner.
I did not like the ending. It was a let down. I was really interested in the beginning, by the end I could have cared less about either of the main characters.
For the last few months, I&#8217;ve seen Gillian Flynn&#8217;s Gone Girl lauded in lists of the best books of the last few years. I&#8217;ve seen the buzz about the movie adaptation due out later this year and that Flynn, who is writing the screenplay for that film, is rewriting the big twist ending so that the film will be able to surprise even those who have read the book. I was intrigued and the waitlist for the library also promised a highly regarded page-turner. And while it was undeniably well written, I was ultimately underwhelmed.On the day of their fifth wedding anniversary, Nick Dunne&#8217;s wife, Amy, vanishes from their home. In the days that follow, evidence piles up which points to Nick having murdered and disposed of Amy. Told from both Amy and Nick&#8217;s perspectives and jumping back and forth in time, Gone Girl becomes an examination of our true-crime obsessed and media driven culture.For the full review, please visit my blog:[...]
I never saw the cover of this before reading so never saw the &#34;Thriller of the year&#34; stamp - regardless of this it sure was thrilling!My opinion of the characters jumped around as the story evolved and left me turning pages well past midnight.Clever writing like this is such a pleasure and the characters bought me into their emotions and lives.Please read this book if you like intrigue and mystery with a twist yet a good ole story along the way
A disturbing novel with many unexpected twists.  I enjoyed it and would recommend.  Just when you think you know what will happen, you are taken by surprise.
Keeps you wanting more! So many twists and turns you never know what is going to happen next!  Love the way it is written from both points of view
GONE GIRL, an engrossing, entertaining, and quick read takes the reader on a fun ride of twists and turns. A very well crafted novel tightly wound with a look into the world of Borderline Personality disorder and it's full range of  manifestations. First time I read this author but will be checking out his other work. Buy it if you want a fun, psychological mystery that's not too heavy. This would be an excellent film, by the way.
If your husband moves you from New York City to his home town and you're bored and unhappy you:a. Try to adjust and be supportiveb. Complain a lot, bemoan your fate, and hang out at barsc. DisappearThe answer in Gillian Flynn's caustic, nasty "Gone Girl" is c.The author wastes little time in the setup of this, her third novel. The boy is cleft-chinned, stalwart Nick Dunne. The wife is blonde, cool-girl Amy. She's soon gone.Exiles from the metropolis on the Hudson, Nick's a magazine writer, Amy wrote multiple-choice quizzes for women's magazines. They return to Nick's native Carthage, Missouri, when they lose their jobs because Nick's parents are dying and anyway they have no other place to go. Nick soon opens a bar with his twin sister Margo, who's never left the area, paid for with Amy's money.On the day of their fifth anniversary, Nick's neighbor calls him at the bar to tell him that their indoor cat is outside and the door is open. The girl is indeed gone, and there are signs of a struggle. Soon, fanned by the ravings of a Nancy-Grace like mediot, Nick segues from desperate husband to person of interest to prime suspect. It helps not at all that he's awkward with the media while blonde Amy was the inspiration for her parents' series of children's books called "Amazing Amy."The tale's told in alternating (and self-serving) first-person sequences by Nick and Amy, and after a while maybe you'll start thinking of the liar's paradox ("except for this sentence, everything you are about to read is the truth"). Nick starts his narrative from the day of the disappearance, while Amy's starts off in the form of diary entries, dating from the night she met Nick at a party, and then continues on in her own voice when we reach "the day." What they say often conflicts, of course.All in all, it's part mystery thriller, part social satire, and part psychological study. The ending, to me, seemed perfectly appropriate--and it probably will seem so to anyone familiar with Edith Wharton.
Gone Girl was the first book I read on my original Kindle.  I had no idea what the book was about.  I went into it blind, and was very surprised with the plot.  The plot angle was original, and the reading experience excellent.  I would read other Gillian Flynn books.
It kept my interest. I started reading the book on a flight to Europe, and couldn't stop once I got there. Really good read.
Great writing, suspenseful plot, good character development. I really enjoyed this book! Didn't want to put it down. Love the different point of view switch ups used - really gets you into the story.
I'm not going thru all the details - you've heard what this book is about a zillion times.  What I'll tell you about is getting thru it.  A friend, who doesn't consume books like I do, said this was a really good book.  It's been on my wish list forever, waiting for a price drop.  When I received it I tried reading the first few pages, shut it and texted my friend.  &#34;R U Kidding Me?&#34;  She said keep going, it gets better.  Eventually I went back and crawled thru the first chapters.  Then it was Off and Running!  I was hooked!  What a ride, what a story, what a mystery!  I can't figure it out, where it's going and what will happen next.  First I couldn't stand the wife, then I couldn't stand the husband!  To say both of them needed professional help is putting it mildly!  But it was a good read, a great ride - until the end.  The reason it's 4 stars instead of 5, since I did enjoy the book, is what was Gillian Flynn thinking with that ending!  Come on now, son!  I couldn't get over it.  In fact, thinking about it now has me heated!  I'm cool, I'm good.  Read Gone Girl, stick with it, and I promise the ride is worth it.
Gone Girl is an energetic, well-written, riveting and suspenseful read that will make you wonder why you waited so long to read it!
This book was really disturbing. The writing was completely engrossing, but there wasn't one character whom I liked. I don't completely buy the ending, but everything is so upside down in this story that that was the least of my concerns with it. It is definitely a unique take on marriage.
When I began reading the first half of the book, I was only partially intrigued by the story line and considered chucking it.  But I'm glad i read it through to the end because the beauty of the mystery and the very demented personalities of Nick and Amy are finally exposed in the second half.  These are two very twisted, crazy characters!  You have a hard time believing the craziness but at the some time there is still a modicum of reality to it that sucks you in even while you shake your head in amazement.I would have liked a bit more closure at the end but I'm satisfied enough with it.  I look forward to reading more from this author.
When I first started to read this book I thought &#34;what is all the fuss about&#34; THEN a few pages later I understood! Not a great ending but I can smell a sequel. I would definitely recommend it.
What a ride! I haven't been this engrossed by--this compelled by--characters in ages. This is truly among the most entertaining literary novels I've read. And I've been reading for over 50 years. A great choice for book clubs, mystery fans, romantic suspense readers, and readers who appreciate literary fiction.
The book is written in two different parts. The first is the POV of the husband.And just when you think you've got it all figured out, his wife's story begins.Writing style is average.But the story is engrossing, which is the bottom line.
I really liked this book until the last few chapters. I don't want to give anything away, so I'll only say that I thought what happened was very implausible. The main character made a decision that I really couldn't see anyone making, given the situation, so that kind of spoiled it for me.
I enjoyed this book in the beginning.  It sucked me in.  I thought to myself this was a book I would be recommending to others.  That opinion changed as got more than halfway through and reached the end.  There is no resolution.  It leaves you hanging, and not in a good, suspenseful way.  I feel like it started strong and just went south. It had so much more potential than it actually ended up giving.  This could have been a much stronger novel.  I feel disappointed in this book overall.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn is a good book gone bad.I could barely put the book (well, my iPad) down once I&#8217;d started Gone Girl. The writing gives the story wings, and the plot oozes suspense. But, ultimately, I really didn&#8217;t like the way the story developed. I wouldn&#8217;t recommend this book.The narrator in Gone Girl switches between Nick Dunne and his wife, Amy Elliott. Almost immediately we discover that Amy is missing and Nick is a suspect. Nick&#8217;s account begins on &#8220;the day of&#8221; and continues in a chronological fashion from there. Amy&#8217;s account begins with her diary entries where we meet a sweet, doting and incredibly understanding woman who&#8217;s madly in love with her man.I won&#8217;t say much more about the plot because the intrigue of this book comes from trying to figure out exactly what happened, when and how. I will note that the second part of the book turns unexpectedly brutal and ugly.The worst part about Gone Girl is the author&#8217;s depiction of a woman that feeds some of the most extreme and negative female stereotypes. There are three different instances where a woman in the book makes a false claim of rape.  I don&#8217;t mind a story where women are villains, but the underlying disdain directed, in one way or another, at almost all of the female characters in the book made Gone Girl impossible to enjoy.
I thought that this story of Nick and his wife, Amy, got off to a bit of a strange start. Then after a few chapters, I began to think that Something had actually happened to Amy. Now I was getting more interested in the storyline and where it was going.  A few more chapters and I realized who was telling the truth and who was framing who. Okay, now we're getting somewhere!  I know which side I am on at this point and I'm relishing the scheming being done on both sides while still knowing which character that I am rooting for. By this time, it is clear as to the parts that other characters have played along the way - Amy's parents, who, although they love their daughter in their own way, are more interested in continuing using her name and personification to create the &#34;Amazing Amy&#34; series of books that have allowed them to live a quite wealthy and luxurious  existence; an old flame from high school who's love was one-sided indeed and who's mother didn't care much for &#34;Amazing Amy&#34;; another female friend from the past who had her own experiences with Amy; the. Other of three who thought that Amy was her best friend but was that really the case?  Other characters pop up here and there and all have a bit of importance to the story, some more than others. Near the end, I'm thinking that this story is going to blow wide open and the one person needing revenge will get their just dues but that just doesn't happen!  The story just ends and I'm left thinking...this can't be the end...seriously??  I was very disappointed in the ending as I was expecting a very different outcome. Perhaps it's just me, but I would not recommend this book nor do I want to see the movie!
I really liked this book. I got sucked in right from the start and never got bored. The whole time I just kept thinking, How in the world is this gonna end? While the ending wasnt quite my favorite ending I can see why it ended the way it did. I recommend this book.
Great voices, false trails, frightening psch revelations. 2013's  evolved version of Fatal Attraction for married people. So many pieces of people you already know pop into your mind and choke your breath!
While I was not enamored with the jumping back and forth style to begin with, I learned to cope and then understood the reason for the style.  It's not a book you can't put down but I did enjoy it very much.
These two people are totally crazy!  I enjoyed the the book just to see what would happen next.  Very entertaining.
I usually don't like mysteries with multiple points of view, but I'll make an exception for this one. Flynn's use of two viewpoints isn't contrived, it's integral to the story, the plot, and the character development. The writing is fresh and insightful as well. All together, I have to say, it's a complete package of reading enjoyment. I'd put &#34;Gone Girl&#34; on the short list if you want a really great contemporary read.
A page-turner, even on the very last page! Flynn kept me guessing the whole way through, and brilliantly built suspense. I was constantly surprised by each turn of events. Although I didn't love the way it ended, I also would have been at a loss to come up with something better, so even that was a surprise.
Gillian Flynn has written a real page turner full of interesting characters...on of whom is so deceitfully psychotic, it's hard to even recognize it.  Flynn stays away from what could be a cliche story line and really brings you on a ride. A great read!
Loved this book! Such a great plot twist. Just when I thought I had it all figured out Gilliam Flynn dropped a bomb on me!
I think Flynn's first book is still her best. This one is divided into two halves: before The Shocking!Twist, and after. In the first half, Nick's wife Amy goes missing. Nick is an unreliable narrator who ham-fistedly withholds information from the reader. Amy's POV chapters paint her as a naive, too-perfect martyr. Obviously there's a twist coming, but Flynn takes her sweet time getting to it, laying a complex trail of clues. After the twist, things pick up--Amy becomes a fascinating, layered character, while Nick kind of devolves into a simpler, more boneheaded one, digging himself ever deeper into ruin. The plot resolution is goofy and movie-of-the-weeky. The novel is much better plotted than Flynn's previous books, though, and there is a kind of diabolical brilliance in some seemingly innocuous early scenes which figure importantly later.My main problems with GONE GIRL are the tedious first half, where we watch an unfolding investigation through bumbling, slow-witted Nick's eyes--and the intense unlikability of both Nick and Amy (though Amy becomes more interesting once we get to know her better). By the end, though, I loathed both Nick and Amy for different reasons, which are, of course, incredibly spoily.There are some bright spots, however. There's an absolutely scorching rant on "Cool Girls" in the middle of the book--you know, those women who dutifully fashion themselves into the image of what they think men want, into a girl who's just "one of the guys" but also a nimble sex kitten and party animal who boozes it up and pigs out and remains size 2 and likes kinky sex and will make out with you even though you are a homely loser. Flynn just skewers these women, and actually makes it a plot point. Unfortunately, the way it plays out makes these pseudo-feminist observations come off in a bad light, but still, entertaining stuff.This would make a killer film.
I always get a warm feeling inside when I come across a book that doesn't quit and keeps you coming back for more. I ignored mostly all of my errands and priorties until I was able to complete this book. The way Flynn switches perspectives between Nick and Amy keeps you on your toes. I don't want to give too much away, but if you're looking for a excuse to ignore your responsibilities for awhile, this book is it.
a favorite. can't wait for the movie
This book is a fun and easy read. I enjoyed the first half of the book much more than the second half. The ending in particular lack a closing punch...
The first half of the novel was riveting.  But then the tables turned, and the plot from then on was  simply preposterous and unbelievable.  I won't give away what happens, but asking the reader to believe that anybody would behave the way the book depicts is incredible to me.  I read the whole thing because it was fast moving and interesting, like a train wreck.  But my attitude reading was like &#34;Are you kidding me?&#34;
I finished it, so I've got to give it two stars. Should have stopped much earlier. I don't get all the great reviews for this book. Almost everything about it completely stretches credibility. Character motivation: not developed. Nick really gives up his entire life for a baby from his psychopathic wife? I don't think so. Details: not believable (e.g.--Nick and Amy have no money, supposedly, but continue to live well enough. Loose ends: mortgaging Go's house. Posting bail. Etc.).  Police procedure: questionable. E.g.: test diary for age of ink and paper. Arrest Amy for murder of Desi (why does this just slip by?).All-in-all, a book filled with mostly despicable characters and poorly executed plot lines.
I found the start of the this book boring, but if you, like me, find it boring at the beginning, don't let that put the book down. The most intriguing and original book I have read in a very long time! What an imagination both on the part of the writer, Gillian Flynn, and her characters, Amy in particular. You first hate Nick, and think he weird, a cold bastard. Then all that change.  Then, you first like Amy, feel sorry for her and sympathize with her, even if she comes across as shallow, but then all that change... This book is amazingly brilliant!
I really enjoyed reading this book with our book club. We were all on the edge of our seats discussing the crazy woman, the framed man, and the poor people effected in the process. Gillian Flynn is a fantastic author that needs to be read.
How did this book get so popular?  The characters were uniformly despicable and the situations completely unbelievable.  The lead characters each got what they deserved.
No wonder this book has been on the best seller list for 122 days - even with all the madness of the Grey Trilogy it managed to hang in there.  I am only about a third way through but I do not want to put it down. So far not an exceptional story but so well written that I am enjoying more and more with each chapter.  I am sorry I did not skip the whole Grey thing and go right for this weeks ago!  Try it I think you will all like it!
Great story on story told by him and her - just shows how people's views of their lives and times and so affected by their backgrounds.  Loved the twist in the tail.  An honest look at the difficulty of maintaining a long relationship.
The first 2/3 of the book were page turners!  Then there is a lack of Appropriate hate from the husband!  I don't want to give  it away but the ending was lame
The material is so fresh and interesting and the story unfolds without flagging. Clearly a great deal of thought went into the planning of the book. People are very complex and as they get older they get more so. I found the unveiling of the personalities of the characters under the stress of the situation fascinating. I can highly recommend the book to anybody who likes a good mystery story.
If you like mysteries at all, you will likely be intrigued by this one, which is also a portrait of a disintegrating marriage between 2 ill-matched people.
It's difficult to read a book that is hyped up for its twists and turns since it rarely winds up living up to that hype. Gillian Flynn is a great writer who creates fully-drawn characters, but once the BIG TWIST was revealed halfway through the book, I found the rest of it to be a let down and difficult to believe. Her novels &#34;Dark Places&#34; and &#34;Sharp Objects&#34; are written just as well and have twists of their own since both are mysteries, but I found those books to be far superior than &#34;Gone Girl.&#34;
After reading reviews in People Magazine and our local newspaper, I purchased and read this book.  Initially I found it a bit confusing with the jumping back and forth each chapter.  It wasn't until about half way through the book that things began to start taking shape for me - at that point I really began enjoying it.  I simply read for pleasure, so normally if my interest is not peaked right away, I don't continue reading - I'm glad I gave this book a bit longer chance. I still only gave it an average rating as I did find it quite predictable.  It is amazing to me the amount of deception and manipulation that can occur in a relationship and I find that sad.
At times, I found the book dragged a bit, but I'm glad I stuck with it. There are surprises along the way that provide insight to deviant thinking. I have heard that there is talk of making a movie based on the book, and I would definitely want to see it.
Many of the reviews & the books jacket flap will tell the essence of the story, so I'm not going there.  The quality of the writing is very high, which is one of the reasons I kept going.  As had been said, neither of the main characters are very admirable and I found them unreliable.  So you have two narrators who aren't telling the real story.  Half way through I guessed what was happening with the wife and was right, but was not prepared for the ending.  And found the ending extremely unsatisfying.  I want to read more by this author, but loose, frayed ends won't work for me on a regular basis.
Hard to get into first, but then it pleasantly surprised me by hooking me in! Another great book that is being made into a movie this year, so I wanted to check it out before seeing it! (It's with Ben Affleck - yes!)
Really enjoyed this book, the development of the characters, the two main characters telling their &#34;love&#34; story.  Also, great plot twist.  I wasn't thrilled with the direction the author took at the end of the story and then it just-ended.  It was like she didn't know what else to write and hurried up and put anything.  I would give most of the book 5 stars but the end of the book brought it down to 3.
I liked it but at the same time thought it was a bit messed up. It had lots of twists and turns in the book and definitely ended with an unexpected ending. I really liked how the story went back and forth between the characters but it got a little confusing a few times as to when things were taking place because it also went back in forth in time.
It's the perfect vacation book--witty, twisted escapism for the beach or poolside. We're talking pure entertainment, folks. Most of the critics claim it's implausible--of course it is--that's why it's fun. Was it a kidnapping, a murder, or something else? The story keeps you turning pages as you delight in the schadenfreude of it all.
This is one of those books that intrigues you in the beginning and has sufficient twist and turns to keep you interested.  Unfortunatley the author ran out of steam by the end.  While I found the ending a bit of a cop out, I'd still recommend the book to my friends as good vacation fare.
I loved this!!  I listened to it while driving cross country to a wedding.  In conversation with several at the wedding, I found out one individual went to school with Gillian and another knew her uncle!  But aside from the Six Degrees ......  This story kept me guessing the entire time.  And I loved the readers!!
absolutely hated the ending and was very disappointed.  However, the author did a very nice job with her character portrayal.
I LOVED this book!  It was exciting and fascinating and fun and just the right amount of creepy.  The characters are so interesting, and the plot is truly original.  I highly recommend it!
This is an awesome book.  Suspenseful and a 'who done it' book.  I'm hooked, I cannot stop reading this.  PERFECT.
Just when you think you've figured out where the story is heading there is another turn.  Author has a talent for engaging the reader and keeping them guessing throughout!
Amy and Nick make the perfect couple....especially since they are both crazy. But than that's love I guess. Very thrilling read.
Gone Girl was wickedly good and the writing format was refreshingly clever.  If there were a word for MORE than a page turner, I would use it here.  I just wanted to gobble this book up.  I couldn't read it fast enough.  This author has an amazing imagination and way more than her share of creative talent and excellent writing skills.  I just loved it.
Great read... Ending a little disappointing... But kept me interested definately would recommend to someone who wants a different story.
I downloaded Gone Girl to my Kindle last year after hearing a series of great reviews. "Great thriller" was the only thing I knew about the book, but I was please to also discover it is much more. It is a wonderful example of craft intersecting content; the classic page turner buried within a very innovate approach with strong writing.  The story is told completely in the first person by two narrators, a husband and wife, as they both describe her disappearance, with the two voices rotating by chapter.  The beautiful "Amazing Amy" has disappeared from her home, and her frantic husband Nick leads the search.  Their backstory in inserted early, primarily in Amy's voice, as she describes how they met in New York, fell in love, married, and eventually encountered financial difficulties that caused them to move to Nick's home town in Missouri and start a completely new life.Flynn gets even more ambitious with the rotating voices by inserting what is essentially a third narration into the story.  Some chapters are notated at the beginning as a chapter from Amy's diary, which makes the first person even more personal.Initially the book begins with the earmarks of the traditional thriller; beautiful wife gone missing, colorful cops investigating, interesting backstory about the wife and her family, enough weird character to keep you guessing about who might have taken Amy, stories of infidelity and sex, Nick's questionable agony over his missing wife. As often happens in these circumstances the husband becomes the main suspect, and much of the book is about him trying to defend himself.  I found myself wondering if Flynn was going to steal a technique from The Lovely Bones, and perhaps we would learn that Amy was narrating her portion from the grave, and Nick or one of the other characters would be revealed as a psychopath.But the brilliance of the book is how all of a suddenly everything changes, with the first person narration transitioning to become a progressive personal journey into our characters' madness.  Through their own voices they reveal themselves, and by the second section of the book you begin to realize that either Amy or Nick is insane, and wonder whether or not one of them is the perpetrator.  Both of their voices completely change. The thrill of this thriller is then to decide which one has the biggest problem.  The both suffer from extreme narcissism and various personality disorders that cause you to doubt both of them.  The "perfect couple" we met in the first third of the book really doesn't exist.Amy in particular takes on an almost Sybil persona - and for this becomes one of the most innovative techniques in the book.  One of the attributes of first person narration is that you normally accept the narrator is telling the truth as they see it.  They might be wrong - but they are being honest.  In this book by the second half we learn that our narrator has been lying to us, which becomes a great technique to build suspense.I have always been a fan of the "con man" story - either in film or literature. The great and essential payoff to the con man story is when the trick is revealed.  With much delight we go backwards in time to show the viewer or reader the "slight of hand" - the thing they missed that puts the entire story together.  Flynn adds another dimension to her thriller with a terrific con man reveal, and we realize that almost all the narration we have read is suspect.  Other things were going on right in front of our eyes.Ultimately Gone Girl is a wonderful journey into two people's madness, told with incredible literary finesse; a manipulation of the first person narration into what essentially becomes multiple voices from the same two people.  And unlike most thrillers where the trick is content-based, this really becomes a case of the innovative use of first person narration.
I seldom read popular fiction - the plots are too contrived, the characters too superficial. But this was recommended as being well written, which it was, with a well thought-out plot and sound insight into the disintegration of a marriage, which it had, initially.It is written in the first person, alternate chapters switching between husband and wife, Nick and Amy, giving their take of events. We meet an intensely irritating, bubbly bimbo in Amy, with her syrupy diary entries. Had there not been the relief of Nick's down-to-earth accounts alternating with Amy's, I may have baled without finishing the book. However, the package was engaging enough to hold my attention sufficiently to race to the finish line in record time, although I was starting to flag two-thirds in.Unfortunately, even though Gillian Flynn uses language and grammar well (with alerts to the simple-minded reader that she is doing so), the story unravels as it progresses, climaxing in a rather disappointing and far-fetched finale.This may not have been her best work, so when I am in the mood for a light read in future, I may consider one of her earlier books.
very contraversial feelings and thoughts!your read this book and think &#34;ok, now all is clear&#34; and all a sudden everything change to opposite- good hero becomes bad and vise versa!  and dont expect classic happy end))
I know a movie it being made now.  Very interesting story but the stories really confused the reader.  Will not give up the ending but surprised.
A book written in such a way that you go from really liking ans sympathizing with the main characters to really disliking them.  While I &#34;hated&#34; the ending, it certainly shows how real life can sometimes actually look.  A real page turner that draws you into these two peoples psyches.
Easy read, actually found it hard to put down at times. A great book to relax and unwind, no thinking required. Some great twists.
One of the most vulgar books I have ever read. would have been just as good w/o so much filth.  Kept one guessing but could see what was coming. hope the movie is better.
Gone girl is one of the best books I've read this year.  The author keeps you wondering what is going to happen next.  I recommend this book to everyone and bought the kindle edition for my daughters.
I was very annoyed with the characters, who were, at best, flawed. But increasingly, I wasn't able to put the book down. So I guess that's a good read.And the end? I don't think anyone would be happy with that, but who knows what might follow?
I like books that have redeeming value - books that highlight something curious about the human condition, that show you beauty where you thought there was none, that tell you about a culture you knew nothing about, or that give you insight about yourself, your family, your community, etc.The author of Gone Girl has astounding talent, there is no doubt about it. I was like a puppet in her skilled hands. I was taken in by her sharp edgy prose and I loved the suspense. But when I finished the last page, I felt like I had wasted my time. Gone Girl captured the worst in human nature and I don't need to spend any more time seeing how ugly human beings can be; I see that every day in the news. I read to learn something new and to become more thoughtful, more aware, and more sensitive. This book gave me none of that.This book has no redeeming value. I don't recommend it; read a more uplifting book instead.
I loved the writing. Witty and smart, it was a really enjoyable read. The main characters were both fun to dislike but watching Amy's illness develop was fascinating. This couple seeped in under my skin until I began to wonder about certain aspects of my own marriage. Wickedly good, as long as you're not the paranoid type.
This book is the truest depiction of a sociopath that i have ever come across in fiction. Be prepared to read throughout the night
This book is engrossing, with moments of character analysis that can't be dismissed, as well as dramatic twists that can't be anything but fun.
A great read. If you love a riveting thriller/mystery and superb storytelling---here we are. At last. All the elements are in 4th gear and or overdrive. I read the entire novel flying across country and by the time I landed in NYC I was depressed that the flight and novel had ended. This is the book to read if you have a quiet weekend planned or are going on a trip.
Had to down grade it for the lousy ending.  It was almost like the author got tired of it or had to make a deadline.  It was a bit predictable towards the end but it was a decent read.
I have never read Gillian Flynn, and don't have a lot of interest in the mystery or psychological thriller genre, so when I first heard about this book, I didn't think it was for me. But after 3 different people mentioned it to me in a week - each with very different reading tastes - I decided I should give it a try, and I was glad. It was hard to put down, and kept me guessing throughout. I did anticipate some of the plot developments, but never was positive before they occurred, so it was far from predictable. I found myself wondering what was going to happen next each time I couldn't read for a few hours, so that's the sure sign of an engaging read. I don't want to say too much re: the plot because this is definitely a book you will best enjoy knowing little going in, but thematically it really plays with themes of marriage, whether you can really ever know someone, and the relationship between the media and reality in our modern lives. It's not heady though - this is a page-turner as I said - so these themes are covered through the story, not navel-gazing.As for complaints in negative reviews, it's true the main characters - Nick and Amy, a married couple - each have many unlikable traits, but they are also very intriguing (boring would be the worst quality in a main character I think, not dislikability.) And I think complaints about the ending are overly cranky - I read several 1-star reviews where the reviewer says he/she loved the book until the end. Why rate it a 1 -star if you liked 90% of it? Reading a book is a journey, and if you like most of the journey, you like most of the book!! There were only a handful of ways this could have ended, and in many ways, this was the most surprising, so I think it was a fine choice (although I also wondered how else I might have ended it, but I consider that kind of wondering the sign of an engaging book, not a failure.)So I think it's worthy of the hype. Give it a try!
Could not put it down! Well written , clever plot. Kind scary too,imagining it happening&#8230; unpredictable all the way to the end.Awesome!
WOW,  STARTS OFF A LITTLE BORING BUT IT'S LEADING UP TO EVERYTHING.  JUMPS FROM CHARECTERS TO DIFFERENT DATES.  KEEP UP WITH IT.
A spell binding book with many twists and turns and leaving one with the feeling that the protagonists deserve each other!
The man and his wife are flawed, both of them. The wife is a manipulative sociopath and the husband is very weak-spined. They really deserve each other. The plot development is really good, but usually the reader can root for a person to win out. Not here. The villain's supposed charisma doesn't transcend the book to touch the reader. Too bad, it could have been otherwise.
This book kept me on the edge of my seat.  Each chapter had me guessing what could have happened, but by the next chapter my ideas and thoughts had changed.  Great read....couldn't put it down!
I was not fond of the book.  I found it to be a younger persons novel and not too much happening thereout the story.
I was absorbed by this very clever story. Also appalled at how I kept changing sides. I wanted the book to end differently but was amazed at how it did end. What a great read. Wasn't so keen on the bad language though.
How do people have this kind of imagination to tell such tales??  Really keeps you on your toes and makes you realize how some things can be such an illusion.
I enjoyed this book. Not sure if I'm ready for it to be ruined in the theaters. Its a good read though
Kept me on my toes, didn't know what to expect. Went from love to hate with the characters so easily
Loved this book from page one.  I read the first chapter over lunch one day and honestly didn't want to get back to work (but I did).  This book combines great writing with psychological twists and turns that keeps the reader on his/her toes. Amy and Nick are both nut jobs...or are they?  The ending left me in total shock.  You will have to read it to see what I mean.  You won't be disappointed.
It is hard to say that the book was bad ,it grips you and pulls you in ,has you on the edge of your seat and you don't want to put it down. UNTIL you get to the last four chapters and the story just falls flat and the ending was so bad I wanted to throw the book out of disappointment, I understand that I am not the only reader who has felt that way.I suggest reading it and forming your own opinion, some may like the twist where I hated it.
After months of reading YA and supernatural books in the vein of Sookie Stackhouse, I was craving a grown up novel that was literary, but exciting and easy to read, and I found it. This book kept me up until 2am last night, and got me so wound up with its twists and resolution I'm having trouble going to bed after finishing it tonight. I can't wait to read the other books by this author- the writing is excellent, the characters, even supporting, are well-balanced and easy to relate to without being "like me," the way chick lit characters can be, or purely sympathetic or reasonable. They are complex characters caught up in thoughts and actions tangential to mine but let run away, and they are fascinating. Read the beginning and see if you like it. It would probably be great on audio too.
This is very difficult to figure out what will happen  in each chapter.A murder mystery in the making of a small town.
Lots of flowerery detail as writers are taught in writing classes. I like more direct writing. As I read it got better. It is worth readin.
What a great book. So many twists and turns. Could only read a few pages at a time as it was so stressful, but fun!
Great mystery/thriller. I had to keep reading to find out what happened next. Flynn pulled the protective layer off Nick and Amy Dunne's marriage to show the depth and complexity of each spouse and how hard it is to really know another human being. Nick knew the Amy she wanted him to see and he knew he wasn't the nice boy he presented himself to be. If we don't know ourselves how can we truly know another?
I picked this book along with a few others to give me some good escape reading for the summer. Very original story line. I also enjoyed the method the author used to tell each character's story. It really was quite surprising.
Nick and Amy Dunne are two characters I'm not likely to forget anytime soon.  Masterfully crafted with the slow, steady build-up of tension, suspense, hints and clues, all the while fleshing out the main characters in such a way to bring them fully to life.  The final outcome was outstanding.
While the twist s and turns kept me reading, the ending seems very far fetched to me.  What kind of a man stays with a wife who was successfully framing him for murder?  A wife who murdered a man who got in her way?  What kind of woman can think of everything, never making a mistake?  Why would she want to stay with a man who doesn't want her, and have his baby?
Such an awesome twist - I love it when I'm surprised!  The story sucks you in and it's so hard to put it down!  I wish it never ended.
Wow...is pretty much all I can say.  This was my first time reading Gillian Flynn and it certainly won't be my last!Fast paced, scary deep characters, intriguing plot lines which shift back and forth between characters.Great choice for a Book Club discussion for sure!I gave it a great number of stars for the detail and creativity of the plot...It kept me going till the last page!
This is not a feel-good story, which is what I typically love, but the author is so adept at drawing the reader in and playing with his/her emotions that I couldn't help but love it.
A real treat! Page turner with wonderful characters that keeps you guessing until the end. Gillian Flynn is a masterful writer and weaves a mesmerizing tale. Excellent work.
A true page-turner from the word go, and I enjoyed it right up until the ending. It was a fantastic, twisted concept and the characters were so different from anyone I would consider "normal", it was hard not to be swept into their world; if only because the circumstances were so intriguingly bizarre. I don't know who is more loathesome ... Amy or her un-able husband, Nick, and even though I didn't like either of them, I wanted to keep reading about them. This is a very gifted author.
This is one of the novels that once you read you ask yourself why haven't you done so sooner. I heard all the hoopla about it but thought I will not like it since I thought it is a pure crime and investigation story which I am not into. It turned out to be a fantastic page turner. The story line is not predictable. You think you know, but then you realize you were so wrong. Really amazing. Recommended!
WOW!!  Excellent writing, fantastic storytelling. Part of me was appalled the other part had me laughing out loud [no mean feat!Writing that operates on many levels, the hollowing out of American society post financial crash, who is each individual in a marriage, who is acting for whose benefit and an absolute dissection of deviousness..... Brilliant!. Gillian  Flynn... keep writing.
I have no idea to whom I would recommend this book.These are horrible people who do horrible things to each other. I'm sorry I ever read about them.Is it well written? Yes. Is it suspenseful? Very. Does it leave you with a mind picture you wish you could forget? So depressingly yes.Have you seen the movie "War of the Roses"? Well, there you go.If you like this kind of thing, I pity you.
I loved the twist and turns of this story, it is the only thing that kept me reading this book. It was very clever, but no one could like these characters, even if they were related. They are sick and deserve each other.
As others have indicated, the ending is bad...really bad. I enjoyed the flow, but wished it ended sooner with realism and reader delight.
Boring and slow. I actually skipped pages looking for anything exciting. Did not like any of the characters  nothing about the characters were relatable
This is one of those rare stories that will stick in your brain long after you've finished reading it. As I neared the end, trying to predict the outcome I both wanted to rush through it, but hated to have it end. I enjoyed the way it was written, the unusual descriptions of events, and the funky characters. Don't want to give away anything but if I had to come up with a negative it was the ending. I plan to read her first novel right away.
&#34;Will you walk into my parlor?&#34; said the spider to the fly? Oh, what a tangled web of deceit, misdirection, and lies is woven in this very suspenseful thriller. It's hard to figure out who is doing the most lying and why, and you probably won't like any of the characters much, but still a good entertaining mystery with a big twist. Can't say too much about the plot without spoiling it. You may or may not like the ending, but you will never see it coming.
Wow, it is not often that I find a book that is on the cusp of popularity and greatness, but I truly think that once the buzz begins, this will be blockbuster.  I stumbled upon this title after reading the "50 Shades Trilogy".  I will often put books on my Kindle wish list, but this one I purchased immediately and began reading (ironically on July 5, 2012).  I could not put it down and fell asleep several nights with it in my hands on the pillow.  The characters were maxi-multi-dimensional and the plot thickened with every page.  I fear to say more, revealing too much for those who want to read it (but it was my favorite summer read this year!)
This is a reverse whodunit.  It is told through the viewpoint of a husband whose wife has vanished after 5 years of marriage, contrasted with the diary entries of the missing wife.  The reader is hearing the point-of-view of, and thus is naturally sympathetic to, the husband, while subtle and not-so-subtle clues mount to paint him as a murderer.  It was a very compelling story with an unexpected ending that was very poignant.
An obviously capable writer with a fairly decent idea takes the reader on a long walk through a shallow story that takes increasingly bad turns. Two stars because I know there is a decent writer bogged down in a bad story that demands far too much suspension of disbelief of her readers.  This is really a one star book well written but disappointing - as soon as you suspect the five star reviews must be wrong go ahead and put it down or skip to near the end and confirm your suspicions so you can spend your time reading a book worthy of your time - I wish I would have.
Total twists and turns yanked my mind into thinking one thing and then backtracking to another.  Surprise but not unexpected ending.  Highly recommend
I had a hard time getting into this book but once I reached the 4th chapter, I was hooked. Good love, bad love, lost love, new love.......what would you do for love.
The story was very riveting.  I couldn't put it down.  It kept me coming back to finish it.  Then........I got to the ending.....felt like the author got tired of writing!  The book was engrossing and took unexpected twists and turns (as well as some sloppy story lines) but I have never read such a good storyline with such a quick and awful ending.  I felt as though I wasted A LOT of time getting to that point...and actually turned the pages to see if there was more......sorry to say I just felt like it was a waste of time.
Gillian Flynn rocks.  I am now ruined.  Flynn, (Tana) French, and (Kate) Atkinson are now the only 3 mystery writers I can read.  They stand head and shoulders above anyone else (that I've read, anyhow) in crafting edge-of-your-seat mysteries/thrillers w/requisite twists and turns, deep psychology (i.e., great 3-dimensional characters), and legit literary punch.  Having read all of their works, I just have to wait for one of them to write something else - unless and until someone can turn me on to a 4th author of their ilk.
I just finished the book. The thing about Gone Girl is that you are expecting a certain genre of storytelling and instead you get all genres. Romance? Check! Mystery? Check! Comedy? Check! Thriller? Check! However, the book only works as satire.  Unless you think of it as satire, you are going to find the actions of the characters COMPLETELY unbelievable, especially toward the end of the book.  The two main characters are pretty well-developed--but there are so many twists and turns that you have to keep revising your opinions, so much that you are left confused and you end up disliking everyone. I didn't really like either of the protagonists early in the book, so I guess my dislike for them only deepened.Overall, pretty well-written. At certain points the novel feels long and treads water. I almost threw the book at part two. The author relies a lot on the trope of "hanging a lampshade" on certain unbelievable events or character names. Again, certain character behaviors do not read true or in order to make them square, the character has to be written one dimensionally. Very well structured novel, but even a satire should make sense at the end.Another criticism? It doesn't paint women in the best light. Women here are pretty much placed in boxes. Even though the author makes fun of corny romantic comedies with stereotyped behaviors, most of the women are written as stereotypes or are one-dimensional.It's a long read for something that won't be satisfying, but you will enjoy getting to the let down.
This was quite different from the books I normally read, but many friends recommended it so I thought I would try it.  I'm so glad I did because I loved it.  Kept me interested from the beginning until the last page.
To be truthful, I didn't read the whole book, I skimmed it.  The beginning was slow and tedious.  The writing kept going from present to past and between two characters.  This is not a writing style I enjoy.I was determined to get to the end, so kept paging forward on my Kindle and reading when some new piece of information seemed to be presented and truly wish I had just given up.  The characters had no redeemable qualities and were just sick and twisted.I will not read another book by this author.  I can't fathom the mind that creates such appalling, repugnant characters, much less writes about them.
I found the book a bit hard to get into, and was just another husband/wife grudge fest, but by the time I was 1/5 into the book I realised it was a well thought out novel. It kept me guessing as to what was going to happen next and who was the bad person, wife, hubby or both. I liked it a lot. So much so that I bought Gillian Flynns' other novel &#34; Sharp Objects&#34;. Another book I would recommend by this author.
This book was a great read and very well written. I am always amazed at books like this and the thought that must go in to writing them. I would certainly read more books like this and this is unlike anything I have read in a very long time. It was a nice change of pace for me.
I am a big fan of Flynn and her latest had me up reading into the night.  It's one of those books that can go in any direction when you least expect it and does.  The ending was a bit implausible but it didn't ruin things for me.  I found the characters and plot both clever and inventive.  The idea of a real woman both inspiring and being warped by a beloved fictional character was perfect.  Can't wait for her next book.
i loved this book, couldn't put it down.  it's well written, and the characters are extremely well developed. i also loved the plot twists.  I'm giving this a 4 instead of a 5 because i was very disappointed in the ending of the book because it wasn't satisfying.  the author does such a great job of making you want a particular thing to happen, and then when it doesn't, you feel let down (at least i did).
Totally disappointed at the ending.  Had to read the last page over several times and was left hanging.  Not happy that I spent my time reading this book.  Next time I will certainly pay more attention to the reviews.
I had a problem getting into this book but it is filled with twists and surprises....it was a good read....
This book was on the bestseller list for 20+ weeks for a reason! This book is great, there are plenty of twists and a fabulous storyline that keeps you hanging on for more. Even after it was over, I was like, no, it can't be over, I need more! The writing is sound, with different perspectives, and I absolutely loved it!
Very frightening - the ultimate manipulations. Clever and unpredicatable. You were not sure which way it was going to go at any time.
Really good story with twists and turn you would never expect. What a girl! What a marriage! Page turner and fun read
Horrible, reviews giving this book more than one star are lying.  So sorry I spent money for this piece of trash. Seems like it was written by several people that didn't have the same common interest.  Worst book ever written.  When I see others picking it up to consider reading it, I tell them, "Don't waste your money"!
the characters really came to life, There were a lot of twists and turns......very engrossing.  Great read from beginning to end.
One of the best novels I've read in a long time.  Couldn't put it down.  I bought every other book by this author after reading this one!
Could there be two more obnoxious people who are linked together? Oh maybe I shouldn't.... anyway the story was absolutely compelling, surprises were gradually sifted to you & then the final outcome was not necessarily a good one. I must admit I was totally immersed in the story to find what the finale would be but I didn't want it to end the way it did. Thought provoking story... what would you do?
I forced myself to finish, hated every minute of it and i am a voracious reader. I will read anything and buy into any story but this was the most frustrating group of characters, nothing redeeming about any of them. No one in my book club liked it. No one had anything good to say about it.
Gone Girl was a quick read. From start to end it kept my interest. I was not thrilled with the ending. I felt left hanging, but understood the reason behind it. Great twists through out. Can't wait to read another Gilliam Flynn book.
This book kept me riveted to it. So many twists & turns. I would highly recomment it. I couldn't put it down.
Loved this book but also hated it.  You would have to read it to understand.  They say there's nothing new under the sun but this comes kind of close.
This book kept me riveted for several days.  Could not wait to have time to pick it up and read.  I don't want to give anything away but I would like to have rewritten the ending...
What a book!!  A real page turner!!  A new twist at just about every new chapter. This book was well written.  One of the best books I've read in a long time. Can't wait for the movie to see how they put this together. I definitely recommend reading this very psychological phenomena!  Makes u think why?  Why? Why?
This book is a really good read. I read each night before bed and I could hardly wait until bedtime.I accidentally read it in quarters. The first quarter I was sure Nick did it. The second quarter I was worried that he did. The third quarter, in my mind, is about Amy and her part of this story. The fourth and last quarter is both highs and lows for me. What about the future???????? It kind of made me mad.Gillian Flynn, you are one MIGHTY good writer. You have managed to tell this complicated tale so that it is understandable and believe able. I do think it is one of the best books I have ever read. I am going after your other books now.I don't think this is a very good review but it is a wonderful book.
Well written interesting story.  I had been warned that all was not what it seemed so the twist in the middle should not have surprised me.  The direction the twist took was the surprise. A fast read because I couldn't put it down
This book was an interesting read with an unpredictable ending.  I  would only recommend it to people who would not be shocked by the sexual content.
Did not like this book one bit! Tasked to read for my sister who belongs in book club. OMG - quite painful - skimming book was even painful. I know it is now going to be motion picture.  Perhaps others see something that I surely did not.
This book kept be going all the way and you are going wow that and amazing story but the end surprised me even more . A bit disappointed at the end but that's life is what the book is saying . Yes a definite buy recommended it to my friends .\Love it!
Before reading this book, I was very excited when I read the review & then to hear it was going to be made into a movie, I couldn't wait to read it. The beginning of this book was very slow. It didn't pick up until I was 1/3 of the way through, then it got extremely exciting with its plot twists & turns...then just as quickly, it started dragging & flip flopping in what was happening & by the end of the book I felt so frustrated with the way this book ended. I felt like this psycho couple deserved each other. At this point, I have no desire to even see the movie.
This novel is a page-turner.  It has excellent twists and turns. It is unpredictable and the author chose the perfect ending.
It was amazing how the main characters in Gone Girl pulled me right into their heads. It was hard at times to figure out who was sane and what direction the story was going. The murderer mystery I expected was turned on its head. Very engrossing. I plan to look for other highly rated books by this author.
would recommend to anyone who likes a good suspense book. Was hard to put donw once you started it.  Great!
All I can say on this big surprise is it had me going and I adored it until the end; you will absolutely love it all the way through; what an idea for a story; too bad the author could not have come up with a sensational finish.
Two kinds of readers will really like this book: Those who enjoy a novel that's structured to be a little bit "different," and those who enjoy a mystery that keeps them guessing. Two kinds of readers will be disappointed: Those who need to have at least one character they can like and root for, and those who want the loose ends tied up in a tidy ending. Actually, I guess I kind of dip into all four of these categories! For me, though, the fun of reading  story that was engrossing and different outweighed my disappointment at a not-great ending.
I liked the book/story with all of its unexpected twists and turns...but I REALLY disliked how it ended.  How could Nick be so stupid?
It is hard to believe this book would be on the N.Y. Times Bestseller List and for so long.  I hated the book (could not finish the book, but read the last two chapters).  Another reviewer called the book vulgar and it was, poorly written with no ending.  Do not waste your time and money!
I loved the story but hated the writing style. I can usually jump between story lines easily but I found this one to be annoying. The twist was unexpected and kept me reading. I did not care for the ending.
If you love psycho-thrillers, you'll love this book. Think The War of the Roses, except with a wife who is brilliant, patient, and devious and a husband who is so self-absorbed that he is caught with his pants down (literally and figuratively). The writing is superb and the plot is so masterfully crafted that it surprised me through the very last sentence.
it was good and complex at same time. haven't read a book that drew me in as much as this one did. never would have dreamed the ending.
Strange twist to the plot! Not what I expected. I thought I knew &#34;who done it&#34;, but I was wrong.
It was well written and interesting, but I don't enjoy reading words that I choose not to use in my own conversations.
This book was just as good the second time I read as it was the first time. It keeps you guessing the whole time. The direction keeps changing and the ending totally catches your off guard.
This book was suggested for our book club and I purchased it so that I would be prepared.  To say that I was disappointed in it would be an understatement.  The language was foul and I am thankful to say that I know no one who talks this way in "real life."  The people were without exception completely unlikable and I ended the book not able to identify one character about whom I cared.  I read many and varied books and there have been few that I disliked as much as I disliked this book.
This book was really,really something!! I thought at first it was one kind of story and then it turned into another kind and finally another and at the end a fourth!!! It is like a twisted dark road the characters are so flawed as humans! Even the so called normal ones are twisted! I highly recommend it. From beginning to end it keeps you hanging!!
Brilliantly written with both angles examined.  The story slowly unfolds to reveal deficiencies of both the husband and wife.  Initially the book comes across as anti marriage but later it describes how the couple both get what they were after or not .....
I read this book as a vacation book , and it did keep me interested . It was a good story , but for some reason I wasnt thrilled with how it ended .. Not that I think that it should have had a different ending , but the writing kind of just stopped , where you turn the page looking for more . It was a good read , not GREAT
This mystery shows just how awful people can get. The author absolutely did his job. I didn't care for the villian in this story but I believe this could and probably does happen in some cases.
This book was an easy read and entertaining.  However, I thought there was too much change to the main character's personality almost to fit the plot.
Recommended by a friend and rightly so.  Great character development. That being said, I didn't &#34;care&#34; for the characters, but was intrigued the entire time and curious about the ending.  Great vacation read.
The ending ruined the rest of the book. I just finished it and am actually a little angry about how ridiculous the last few chapters were. I guess the rest of the story was interesting but I would not recommend this book to anyone. Thankfully I barrowed my copy from a friend and did not wast any money on this.
Very unappealing book. I was disappointed but had to finish what I started. I like a book to excite me and hold me but I only finished what I started.  Sorry I started reading. Maybe I expect too much??  It is what it is.
When I started reading this book, I thought the chapter by chapter character switch would flow like pulling taffy - that tug and pull that keeps you engaged.  Instead the effect created a choppy, disjointed read that was pretty by the book predictable.  I didn't enjoy this book.
I picked up this book because I read about it in magazine after magazine - from Time to Entertainment Weekly and more. It is exceptional, the kind of book you can't put down. The book begins as you join Nick in his dilemma, where did his wife go? Before too long you're pretty certain you know whodunnit, but boy will you be wrong. Even your second guess will be wrong. I don't want to give anything away. This writer really puts more twists in this book than Chubby Checker ever had. Read it, you won't be disappointed!
Great style, plot and story.  It kept me fully engaged for the whole ride to the finish.  I don't usually give 5 stars but I couldn't give 6 sooo...read this book.
I enjoyed Gillian Flynn's other works. I highly recommend it. The plot had me going until the end and the characters were believable.
I really struggled with the rating on this review.  I was caught up in the story thru the majority of the book (5-stars) but the ending was so abrupt, so disappointing (1-star) that I refuse to give it a 5-star rating.***SPOILERS***The first part of the book is based on the disappearance of the wife (told from the husband's point of view) and the beginnings of the marriage (told thru diary entries of the wife).  The husband doesn't appear to be suitably sad over his wife's disappearance, and her diary entries paint him as a less-than-loving husband who may have married the wife for her money.  But something is off; you would think these entries would make the wife very sympathetic but they don't.  You can't quite put your finger on it.  And I found myself saying &#34;I hope he didn't kill her&#34; because even though it seems he may have, he is more sympathetic than she is...curious.The second part of the book makes it clear that the wife is a major-major-major manipulator.  She is really an awful person.  But the husband has a nice, young mistress so he's a cheating jerk too.  You start getting a little more insight into this marriage and it is an awful one.  But what should be the punishment for being a horrible husband?  Who gets to dole out that punishment?  No question about it, Nick is a lousy husband.  But I found myself thinking &#34;well, who wouldn't be if they had such a crazy wife?!&#34;  And when Amy starts to suffer a little bit (at the cabin, with Desi), you don't even feel sorry for her because she is such a repulsive person.So now we're at the third and last part of the book.  We know what happened with both Amy and Nick.  And because we've been conditioned to expect everything to get wrapped up neat in a nice bow, I found myself waiting for it...and waiting for it...and waiting for it.  It doesn't come.  To add insult to injury, the story that had been so engaging now becomes ridiculous:  the pregnancy just was not believable; what was the deal with the dad's mutterings?  why was Amy whispering in his ear? Are we sure it's not Desi's child? How to pay for IVF? No husband consent for IVF? What about the guy in the casino?  Casino's have great security and nothing was caught on tape with Amy and Desi?  Desi is loaded but there is no security tapes at his cabin? This ending felt rushed and incomplete and (worst of all) unsatisfying.I totally get why some folks gave this book only 1-star; it's the frustration factor.  I was really into the book and enjoyed it until the end.
Couldn't put it down.  Had me guessing at every turn, and still completely surprised me! Recommended to some friends who loved it as well.  A must!
Plenty of twists and turns to keep you guessing. Characters continue to change throughout which makes you reconsider each character regularly. Definitely a non-conventional ending but leaves you wanting more to the story.
PROS: the book starts strong and keeps you on your toes... ever so curious to see what happens on the next page!CONS: unappealing characters, the story becomes too predictable, the ending is weak, you feel a bit dissatisified...other note: there is one glaring issue that will make you mad if you know even the tiniest bit about forensics (not to be a spoiler, but you can test paper and ink, etc. to determine the age of something to prove authenticity!) Normally I can look past details like this, but because there was so much fuss and pomp on other details, ignoring this one is like a bad papercut.If you have nothing else in your stack of &#34;to read next&#34; give this a go.
I liked this book, but the ending was terrible. It's like the author gave up and just threw something at the paper ....I was very disappointed with it. Other than that it kept my interest. Only took a few days to read. I couldn't put it down!
Never connected with any of the characters.  Hated them all.  Never felt the build-up or the tension the story should have had.  Awful!
Like other reviewers here - I loved every moment until the end. I thought the writing was excellent - the plot twists, character development, everything was five star - but the ending left me wanting/needing something more...or different. I'm not sure how I would have wanted it to end, but I wasn't happy with what was there. I am however interested in reading some of the author's other work. I really like her writing and narrative style.
I was torn by this story; throughout, I switched sides between Nick and Amy; then often, as the story progressed, I felt betrayed by both characters.A lot of the time, I was frustrated by this couple, their choices and decisions about there marriage and their relationship to each other and each of their relationships with their other family members. Both Nick and Amy were very flawed individuals. And although the author tried to convince me that the two of them made each other better, I ended up hating both of them more than loving or sympathesizing with the individually.
How does one dream up such a story!?  I was a tiny bit disappointed in the ending.  It was not one I was expecting.  It is on the NY bestseller list and I understand why.  It was well written.
A twisty tale where you initially feel sorry for the wife whose husband is having an affair, after they move out of Manhatten and back to his home town. But all is not as it first appears...Brilliantly written to make you identify and empathise alternately with each main character, as they tell their own version of the same story. An almost believeable plot that just gets better and better. Set aside heaps of time so you can really enjoy this psychopathic thriller! Not just a "chick flick"! Highly recommended.
This book was like nothing I have ever read before.  First you think one thing, then you think another.  So twisted, but really good.
I liked this book but thought it had a terrible ending. It kept me entertained and it had some mind bending parts to it, where you felt like you were solving the crime with the main character. But the ending is so predictable that it's a real let down.
Do you want to spend hundreds of pages reading a book that leaves you feeling like your finger nails have turned to vomit, the oxygen has left your heart and there is no hope for anyone?  If so, then this is the book for you!  The characters are damaged and evil, consistently underwhelm,  are completely unrealistic, and are repeatedly disappointing.  Why would any author choose to create, live with, write about such useless garbage?  The icing, if you can stand to read this long, is at the end when the author advises her real life son to hold off on reading this book for a little while and stick to his kid books.  Are you kidding???  DO  NOT  BOTHER.  Gone Gillian.
I read somewhere that the book "punches you in the gut" at the end......how? I thought the ending was terrible. The book never really ended. It builds you up to think she will die - maybe not the way you think, but some how. But then it ends with questions still lingering and you wondering how their life will remain from that point on.  I HATED the way it was written. The author gives soo many random details. Or random thoughts from a character about an event that happened a long time - it will have nothing to do with the story and make you feel like you just wasted your time reading 2 pages about it. I did enjoy how it switch between his view and her view, however I wish the booked started with hers, and then went to his. I kept fogetting what the last thing he said was by the time I finished a chapter about her diary. The foul language was a bit much too. I'm no prude, but it didn't help the book any by making dirty comments from time to time. An author should be able to get their point across by using other words.Overall I thought the book was ok. If you get to read it for free, then do it. But I would never buy the book because I have no interest in reading it again.
What starts out as an intriguing mystery novel quickly falls apart. Be prepared to suspend disbelief-- nothing in this story is even remotely believable. Big disappointment after all the good reviews!
I enjoyed this novel, though it wasn't quite as amazing as some critics would have had you believe.  But lots of fun, and a little bit of a throwback.  I don't want to say much more for fear of giving away the plot device.
Truly heart stopping from the first sentence. This novel takes you back and forth and back and forth so many times you begin to think you are the crazy one. It's well worth the price in hardcover never mind the price for the kindle. It deserves it's number one spot in our local area!How anyone could give it less than five stars is beyond me. Just try the sample and you'll be hooked!
This book freaked me out. Lots of twists and turns. Great holiday read if you'd like to keep your mind engaged a bit.
I wanted to read it in one night because I just had to know... y'know?  Wow. Talk about dysfunctional relationships. Good, weird, entertaining read.
This tense thriller will have you on the edge of your seat, unsure who to root for with its alternating perspectives. This mystery offers chapter-ending cliffhangers and differing voices (between characters and also within characters, depending on the stage of the book). Masterfully written, not for the weak at heart, nor the prudish, 'Gone Girl' wraps with an ending that disturbs and satisfies all at the same time.Lisa ArdAuthor of 'Saving Halloween' and the Dream Seeker series
I just finished Gone Girl and I could not be more frustrated.The plot is interesting at the start, then toward the middle it becomes almost painful to read.  You could actually skip about 6-8 chapters and not miss a beat.  While you are reading it there is a hope it is not going to end the way you just think it may end, and THEN IT DOES.  It's completely unsatisfying and a bit annoying.  Actually, when I finished the book I was annoyed.The writer tells the story by Amy's diary and Nick's perspective.  It goes back and forth, back and forth, back and forth.  I think if the writer would have told the story with more perspectives it would have been more interesting.  I also think that the ending was horrible and unfinished.This could have been a great great thriller with the right ending and a different narrative style.I have read each of Gillian Flynn's novels and enjoyed them both, especially sharp objects which I actually picked for our book club to read.  The reviews on the book are mostly positive which befuddles me as I was so disappointed in it.  If you haven't read anything by this author, by all means read her first two, this I would borrow from the library if you are compelled to read it.
The twists, turns and events in this book make it impossible to put down.  Can't wait to read it again.
Gone Girl was one of the best books I've read in a very long time.  Great characters, strong plot, lots of twists!  Extremely well written and thought out - kept me on the edge of my seat until the very last page.
This was my vacation pool read, and I went thru it SO fast.  I loved it.  Could identify with the marital issues (to a point!) and the book totally keeps you guessing.  I would definitely recommend this one.
I could NOT put this book down! In fact, I read through half of it and started over again because I started to &#34;get&#34; what was going on and wanted to make sure I was being a good detective.  Read it in a weekend.  Great read!
Such an amazing book. Kept me in suspense the whole time. Will deffinately buy from this Author again. It should be a movie!!!
This book had me guessing and questioning the characters. It made me mad in some places too!  I did not want to put it down.
I did enjoy this book ,it kept you wondering which way it would go. I didn't like the ending. It was a messed up ending. I will probably go see the movie when it comes out and hope for a better ending. Lisa
Warning - this review contains a spoiler about the ending.Gosh, I really hated this book!  I really hated the characters, Nick is a dunce who turns into a sociopath, Amy is a brilliant spoiled rich sociopath, Margo (Go, Nick's sister) is vapish, Amy's parents are pretentious, rich, psychologists who lose their fortune and have to take back Amy's trust fund to bail themselves out. The only likable characters are Nick's poor Mom dying from cancer and Nick's poor Dad living with Alzheimers, who is also miserable, but it's the disease's fault.  Plus, this book is sooooo long! 19 hours!  The first half is just listening to Amy & Nick whine.  I only finished this because I needed to find out why everyone else thinks this book is so brilliant.  Obviously, I don't appreciate good fiction.  While, it turns into a psuedo-thriller with a few surprises, it's pretty predictable. The ending is horrible!  These 2 miscreant sociopaths should not be allowed to have a child!  That poor child will need therapy for it's entire life! All I can say is that I would not have finished this book if I was reading it, I endured it because I listened to it in my car, usually while in traffic.
Now, THIS, is a page turner with unexpected twists and turns around every corner!!!  Loved reading this book, each character more complex than the next!  Can wait to read Fynn's next two novels!
Suspenseful and brilliantly written. I couldn't put the book down.  Just the kind of book I was looking for.  Read it.
It started off slow, picked up the pace half way through then dragged on and on and on. That is until the stupid ending. Gees I hated this book. Every character was ridiculous.I couldnt wait for it to end and even thought about not finishing it.I hope the movie is better.
This is an amazing book. I loved it and read the entire thing in about three days, you will not be able to put it down!
This novel has me on edge while reading.  It was not predictable which made it a fantastic read.  All conflicts were well thought out and thrilling to unwind.
How do you review a book such as this without giving too much away? Well, let's start with the basics.It is the morning of Nick and Amy's 5th wedding anniversary. Nick gets up, and heads out to the bar he co-owns with his twin sister, Margo, known to everyone as "GO". Several hours later, Nick gets a call from his neighbor that his front door is open and his indoor cat is outside. Nick goes home to find Amy gone.. He sees what could be considered signs of a struggle and calls the police.Now, with most stories of this type, the spouse is always the first suspect, so I expected at some point the investigation would turn to Nick. It did seem that everyone around him was fully supportive. Amy's parents, the police, his sister.  I found myself liking Nick in the beginning and hoped there was some other explanation for Amy's disappearance.I immediately started speculating about how it would all turn out. Did Nick kill Amy? Was she even dead? Would it  turn out that someone else was involved? Would Amy  be found,and if so, how would it affect the relationship between her and Nick. Would I piece it all together and know who the real "villain" was? I thought so. I WAS WRONG. So very, very wrong.I really should have known better. I have read Gillian Flynn's previous 2 novels and I know how dark they can be. But Gone Girl wasn't just dark. It was REALLY DARK. I mean REALLY, REALLY DARK. Some other words I would use to describe it are twisted, crazy and even scary.The novel is told partly from Nick's point of view and also through Amy's diary entries, so you are aware of Nick's thoughts as well as get an idea of who Amy is. Nick is an admitted liar,Amy has some issues of her own and that is only the beginning.  It becomes clear this was not a perfect marriage-heck, not even a typical marriage. I am afraid to say  much more without spoiling it for those who have not read it. I don't mind spoilers at times, but I will say that if I knew anymore than I did about this novel before reading it, it would have completely ruined the experience. I don't think I would ever have guessed that half way through I would be throwing the book in the air and saying out loud "NO F-ing WAY".I will say Ms Flynn had me from casually reading a few pages a day to staying up all night trying to finish this book. If you are a fan of her work, you need to read this. If you are not, you will be after you do. I just can't wait to see what she has in store for us in the future.
An unexpected twist that twistsagain!  A must read!You will love it, and it's going to be made into a movie soon.
This is an amazing novel. This author has a way of setting the stage for endings which leave you wondering how you missed so many clues to the final truths revealed. Certainly one of the best psychological thrillers I've ever read. We are fortunate to have such a young writer with so much talent. She certainly could be our own P.D. James.
I would never recommend this book. The ending was horrible. There are too many other good books out there. Don't waste your time
This book has some great twists and turns. Gets a little slow in places but all and all a decent read... Give it a go.
I had heard a lot about this novel, loved the title and looked forward to reading it. I started it, read for awhile, then stopped. When a friend told me it gets better, I picked it up again and finished it. There are parts of it that were really good, and parts that were so far-fetched, I was insulted. If you want some light reading purely for entertainment value, this is your book.
Great read - well written and endlessly exciting.  There are so many twists and turns that I'm dizzy reading it!
It started out pretty good and then went bad and never got any better.  The book goes on and on and has an ending that is just unsatisfying.  I don't know why so many people gave it excellent reviews.  Do yourself a favor and pass on this one!!
Great book that I couldn't put down. I loved the way the story was told from two points of view.
I loved this book...keep you guessing and I never knew what was going to happen...I kept changing sides and didn't know what to think...made you want to keep reading
After the first half of the book which I thought I was never going to get through the story finally got good and it was hard to put down.
This book was well written and had great character development!  At first I was concerned about the constant change of storytelling from the 1st person style of both main characters, but I found myself easily following along.  Great twists, unexpected ending, and overall GREAT writing made this a book I could not put down!
The book kept me enticed.  I liked the way the author went back and forth with chapters between the characters.  I was disappointed at the ending.  Oh well.
I really hated the ending. Like after all that ... it just had NO powerful closure?  I finished the book feeling frustrated. That was my first Flynn book and because of the way it made me feel I probably won't buy anymore of her books:/
I really enjoyed this cleverly written book that kept me guessing to the end, and it doesn't have a typical ending.
The characters and plot in this story are so badly contrived that the book crosses the line into idiotic and infuriating. This is what passes as a best seller these days?????
I finished reading Gone Girl a couple weeks ago and I am STILL thinking about it. I have not read a book that gripped and haunted me like this in so long. I downloaded the eBook when I noticed two of my social network friends were reading it. Since the first chapter, there was not one moment when I regretted dropping everything to read this book. In fact, I curled up in Cocoa Comfy (my reading chair) with a snuggie and hardly moved until the last e-page was turned--excluding the moment when I damn near threw my NOOK across the room and cursed aloud. Gone Girl was unputdownable!By now, you're wondering what the heck is this book about?! **deep sigh** Where do I begin and how do I explain without spoiling the story or the ending? And yes, that ending has stirred up rants everywhere.On Nick and Amy's fifth wedding anniversary day, Amy disappears. The house shows signs of struggle and like most disappearances, the husband is always the prime suspect. Clues and evidence are revealed as Nick tries to prove his innocence. Readers will find that the characters are challenging and unpredictable since the story is told from alternating points of view between Nick and Amy. Their thoughts, incomplete truths and actions unfold in a twisted mystery that grows with each chapter. It is a classic case of He Said, She Said in literary form.Psychological thriller Gone Girl is not overrated. It deserves to be named as one of the best books of the year. It deserves the awards, praises, 3,000+ positive reviews and conversations. Read it. Period. Point blank. Then find me online to discuss because you WILL want to talk about this book with someone else who has read it.Literary Marie of Precision Reviews
A mean, even cruel novel...and that's fine. I can handle that. But there're some serious holes in the plot, and the ending is poorly conceived and unsatisfying. The author is hip to current trends, the dialog is generally excellent, but the nefarious schemes of the two grossly unsympathetic main characters stretch credibility. The two rednecks should have gotten their just due. Amy's parents, appropriately grotesque, should have gotten theirs. (The scene in which they take all Amy's money back is devastating.) And Amy should be institutionalized. The critics are over praising this flawed book by a talented author. Two stars...and hopes for a better novel next time.
It's pretty rare that a book with so much hype lives up to it's reputation but this one absolutely did. Wow! What a book. The twists and turns had me reading this book in hours. Flynn so masterfully narrates the novel from both a male and female perspective with such plausibility and skill it had me thinking about my husband and marriage thought the book. This book is gritty, dark completely believable. Definitely worth a read. Will be reading her other books too.
This is the first Gillian Flynn novel that I have read and I was surprised how well thought out the story was.  The characters are very original in the respect that Ami and her husband are not your typical couple.  They have a unique kind of communication between them that only they can understand.  It has a strong beginning that keeps you glued through out the whole book.  I did give pause at one point when an affair was revealed early on.  I get tired of all the bad judgment that comes when people get bored with their marriage.  However, as I continued to read on, the other aspects of this story were growing and it made one start to feel sorry for the cheating spouse.  Ami is definitely a force to be reckoned with in her own right.  I liked this book enough to purchase 2 of her other stories and she did not disappoint the readers in the least.
During the first part of the book, you get drawn into the story and are kept guessing as to the truth. During the second half of the book, you may be shocked by the truth and then are kept guessing as to how that will play out. The ending may also come as a surprise. This story was very unique and the author really put a lot of thought into it to create such an elaborate story. It's a little frightening, but in a good way. I could barely put the book down.
Gillian Flynn is an incredible writer, there is no denying that. Her writing is creative, insightful and consuming &#8211; but this plot was simply terrible. I can honestly say that the only reason I even finished this book is because it was for a book club and I wanted to be able to participate in the discussion. I am somewhat resentful of the hours of my life that I will never get back that were spent reading this book. What a horribly depressing, disappointing and sick story with nothing but red herrings and a sad, lack luster ending.
I hated the characters too much to finish the book.  On my Kindle touch, I kept looking in the lower right hand corner to see what % I'd read.  Was I near finished? Noooooo ...  THAT is a bad sign.Plus all the alcoholic beveraging annoyed me.  Do people from NY really drink THAT much ... THAT often?I can't stand neurotic, self-centered, egomaniacal Gen-Xers who obsess over themselves and their dysfunctional relationships/marriages.  B-o-r-i-n-g.Don't like 'em in real life, and sure don't like 'em in books.Get over it!Are Nick and Amy the contemporary version of "George & Martha"("Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?")?I don't know and I don't care.Did Amy live or die?  I'll never find out.Moving on to something more interesting ..Sorry.
This book started off strong but soon became a frustrating disappointment.  The premise is good, but the story goes on and on and on and the situations become more and more absurd.  I stuck it out to the end, but by that time, I wanted my money back.
Gone Girl is a must read.  One of those books you just can't put down. Lots of twists and turns.  Amazing!
This is a book that I really looked forward to reading. Perhaps if there hadn't been so much hype I would have enjoyed it more because I was expecting something truly special.Instead I found it to be cliched and predictable. Even the "twists" in the plot are not such a huge surprise.It's not a bad book and I don't have as much of a problem with the ending as some of the readers, but it's not going to make my top 10 of 2012.If you want to read a mystery that features a truly scary plot and a psychopathic character, try In the Darkest Corner by Elizabeth Haynes. That one made the hair on the back of my neck stand up.Is the writing on this one good? It's okay but not fabulous. The characters are all a bit too much of their particular personality to be completely believable.
Most of the one-star reviews seem to focus on the ending. I didn't make it that far, though for curiosity's sake, I did wonder what happened to Amy, so I read the last few pages just to find out. I suppose I can understand other readers' disappointment with it. Having said that, with the exception of those last few pages, I never made it past the first quarter of this novel. Perhaps it's just not my style, but in the end I just didn't care about any of the characters. Only a quarter of the way in, I really didn't care if Amy had been kidnapped or murdered or whatever, and I didn't care if Nick was such a terrible person that he could have carried any of it out. Both Amy and Nick, and Nick's twin Margo, are all self-absorbed millennials. Amy is a perfectionist, Nick is a dreamer, and Margo is fiercely loyal. Those are the only characteristics that I could identify, and they didn't create any connection with me.Furthermore, I'm just priggish about language these days. Epithets, curse words, and foul language can advance a character's personality, but some of these newer novels are like many of the modern movies we are subjected to--gratuitous use of unnecessary words, particularly the &#34;f-word&#34;. Believe it or not, many of us in today's society have a larger vocabulary. I think it shows a lack of writing skill in all media that characters cannot express themselves without using it. This book is a good example of it.The concept of this novel sounded like a book that I could love, but I never connected. I cannot understand the rave reviews.
Lots of talk about this book so I tried it to see if I would recommend it for one of my book clubs.  Not gonna happen.  Two shallow self-absorbed characters who end up deliberately twisted. I was reminded of the movie War of the Roses without the saving grace of good actors.
This book moved along nicely and kept the reader interested. I enjoyed the twists and turns along the way and I would love to see another book written.
I was unable to put this down and am haunted by Amy and Nick-GONE GIRL is a masterpiece.  Flynn has a way with words like no other.
Brilliant plot!  I must say that I am sure God has gifted authors to come up with such good stories.  I really enjoyed reading this book and would recommend to anyone who is looking for a good read.
I found the beginning drawn out. However as I kept reading about Nick and Amy and their marriage  I became more interested because of the astonishing plot twist. The imagination that was use in planning all these twist was extraordinary.
This is a fascinating story. Its starts off as a garden variety 'whodunnit', but then evolves into a fascinating battle of the minds, with fascinating underlying psychology. It gets you thinking about the dark side potential of your neigbour, your spouse and even yourself. What are the lengths that you will go to to get what you want in life? It is cleverly written and a great read.
Oh my goodness, you won't believe the twist in this - it took me completely by surprise!  Would definitely recommend it.
Young marrieds Nick and Amy Dunne are in trouble. Like so many people today, they find themselves bogged down in the mire of today's rotten economy, their jobs (magazine journalist and Cosmo quiz-writer respectively) made obsolete by the Internet. Due to money troubles and general incompatibility, their five-year-old marriage has crumbled, leaving them locked in a hateful, claustrophobic relationship. Then, on the day of their anniversary, Nick returns home to find Amy missing. When police find trace amounts of blood in the kitchen, they begin to suspect that Nick is the culprit. Is Nick being framed, or is he truly responsible for a horrible crime? By examining both past and present, Gone Girl traces the ugly meltdown of a marriage, and the terrible consequences it brings.Although I won't hesitate to proclaim Gone Girl to be a tense psychological thriller and an excellent choice for airport reading or beach trips, I have to admit that I had mixed feelings about the novel as a whole. Like the 1989 Michael Douglas movie, War of the Roses (which details the worst divorce battle in history), Gone Girl focuses on the absolute worst aspects of two fairly unlikeable people. While I must applaud Flynn for going against the grain in this aspect, I can't think of two characters I would rather NOT read about ever again. The reader will either delight in Nick and Amy's despicable natures or want them both to die horrible deaths. It's one of those books that makes you glad that you read it (just to see what the fuss was about), but also equally glad when you finish it and move on to something prettier.
The author uniquely, morbidly and yet humorously expresses every action of every moment.  It keeps you guessing from beginning till end.  And although one of the characters is malevolent, it's hard not to want to be like the character in some ways.
It's interesting how this book has you feeling different things towards the characters.I really enjoyed reading this and it kept me on my toes.
It was a very good thriller. I couldn't put it down. Definite page turner and awesome ending. I really can't wait to reader other books by this author.
The great thing about this novel is that you have no clue what is coming next.  You continually switch loyalties to the characters as the story progresses.
Any suggestions about the plotline of this story would give it away - and the plot is what makes this read-worthy. It is well-written and an interesting look at couplehood. The idea of having the two main ,,characters write alternating chapters is a good one... I'm just not sure about where it heads and the ending. But I was caught up in the story, for sure.
Not worth even one star. The ending is not just bad, it is totally unbelievable. I cannot believe it would happen even in a fictional story.
Sharp Objects was really good and then there is this book. The suspense was minimal and I hated both of the characters throughout the entire book. And it ended terribly!
Almost feels like the first half of this book was written by an author intent on building suspense and intrigue - I kept turning the pages...then - BAM - I thought WHAT THE? It reads as if the author's agent called and lit a fire under their butt - and they rushed a contrived and ridiculous ending. Hated the second half.
An intriguing story with many twist and turns. It has you rooting for one character to only have you hating that same character in the next.
I bought this book several months ago and have made several attempts to read it...it just doesn't pull me in. It seems to drag, not enougn intrigue. I keep thinking that if I read into it enough it will become more exciting.
This book kept me on edge from beginning to end. Every time I thought I knew what was happening next, I was wrong!
There's something to be said for an author who can get under the reader's skin and actually make them feel something for the Book even when your not reading it, but I'm not sure I want to feel this way about every book I read.  I liked the way this story was told, the writing was excellent.  I had feelings for the characters and wanted to find out what happens to them.  I was unable to guess the twists, so was always being surprised.  However, the whole time I was reading Gone Girl, I felt slightly uncomfortable.  Finally, I absolutely hated the way the author chose to "end" her tale, and this is why I'm giving Gone Girl only 3 Stars.  I recommend it, but warn you to read at your own risk.
I liked it.  Wasn't my favorite book as the characters were hard to like.  Had a 'lull' in the story but got through it and liked it overall.  Think the movie will be worth watching.
This book goes on and on and slowly says anything of value. The story line is so slow and filled with useless words. It is written with him writing a chapter and then she writes a chapter and her chapters are even more worthless.Don't waste your time or money on this book.
I am almost finished with this book and it has been excellent.  One of my good friends just read it and she keeps asking where I am.  I've put it on my husband's kindle and know he will love it too.  Just a great twisted story.
There was three parts to this book. Not to spoil the story, but I thought it was all very predictable. I was so angry at these characters that I really wanted a super dramatic ending. The whole story was a rollercoaster of events. After all the craziness the story ends flat. I really think it will make a better movie than a book.
Overall this book was good through about the first half.  Then I just started getting mad at the guy! He is really this stupid? I loved the twists and turns but the ending totally SUCKED! There is no way it should have ended the way that it did, the author should have been more creative!
The marital psychodrama thriller is not a new genre but has received a terrific, modern shot in the arm with Gone Girl.  The plot is twisty and fun, leading to the can't-put-it-down factor.  What I loved even more was the insight into the difficult terrain of male-female attraction and relationships in general.  The theory: Every man longs to find and marry a "cool girl."  Cool girls are not only beautiful size 2's but love cars, sports, and hunting.  They are endlessly patient, undemanding, forgiving, and ready for adventurous sex at all times.  "Cool girls," by that definition, do not exist, but many an American woman pretends to be one long enough to snare the right husband.  This may sound anachronistic, but its ring of truth resonates, despite the unreliability of the character who delivers the message.So does this mean Gone Girl is a book that only chicks will like?  No; all the relationship stuff is delivered with loads of wit, and the author doesn't take sides.What does all this social psychology have to do with a murder mystery?  Read Gone Girl and find out.  You'll have a great time.
I was gripped from the first page and could not put the story down. Fascinating characters and twists that I didn't see coming. Would love to see a continuation of the story.
I enjoyed the story until it got to the end and then I was very disappointed.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone because once I read the end, I felt like I had wasted my time reading the book.
This book is very different from most books out there, but it's definitely a page-turner.  Really makes you pause and think.  Lots of twists.
One of my favorite books. Read it in two weeks and wanted more! It is a young adult novel but as a full grown adult, it was engaging to me as well.
The book starts out a little slow but after the first twist in things, I could not put it down.
I thought this book was one of the best I've read in a very long time.  I couldn't put it down, and there were a lot of unexpected twists.  Some people didn't like the ending, but I thought it was surprising and fit really well with the charactors.  I'm looking forward to the movie now!
Entertaining and well-written.  I always look forward to picking it up at night.  I do recommend to others.  The end.
This is one of the few books that make me feel as if I need a shower after I've read it.  It really turned my stomach.  There is really only one redeeming character 'Go'.  The protagonists, I ended up by thoroughly disliking both of them.  I don't expect happy endings but i really dislike sleazy ones.
I loved this book because it is so far out there in the zone.  You know about people and different types of personalities, but you just are in awe of them when you actually see it unfold.  Also as you get towards the end you start saying to yourself,"There are really people out there that are really like this." Maybe to various degrees, but they are out there.  I've ran into a few of them over the years myself.  I can't get away from them fast enough. This book is a psychological study of each of the characters. I couldn't believe the way it twists, then twists again. You are going to be on your toes to the last page.Yes, oh yes, I definitely recommend this book.
Okay. I'm not going to lie. I love her writing; her ability to turn a phrase, capture a scene and make a real character. The story was intense... At first. But it just fizzles. It was like she couldnt come up with a justifiable reason for these two awful people to...well i wont spoil it. It was either that or she got lazy and  threw stuff together to end it. Other reviewers have said "people who don't like the ending don't understand it". Well, I do understand the ending. But the reasoning for this understanding is lame and isn't how people in the realworld act. I know these people are crazy (one more so than the other) which is why I find it so terribly unbelievable.So in closing. Ehh.
This story was very intriguing - held your interest and the reader can't wait to find out how it ends. Although, I did not enjoy reading all the &#34;potty&#34; language (unnecesary), especially the dialogue of the female, and I wasn't happy with the ending, it is a good read!
I feel like I was a year behind my friends reading this book, but I'm soooo glad I read it. It kept me interested the whole time - staying up late and getting up early to finish it. It just kept getting better. Great characters, good plot, surprising twists. This book had everything.
All I can say is, this book is a really good read. Start reading early in the day or you'll be reading all night.
This is the strangest story ever.  I don't know if the genre is mystery or mix up.  I don't understand what all the fuss is about.  There are lots of better books to read.
To be honest, I don't know what I think about this book.  Definitely a page turner. But I think that the male protagonist's choices at the end were forced by the author. I can't help leaving this book without a little bit of disappointment. I expected more based on the quality of description and the complexity of the plot.  On the other hand, an excellent beach read.
This book holds your interest throughout but has an unsatisfying ending.  Very cleverly written and plotted however.  Looking forward to the movie.
Really, I rounded up to 5 stars.....I truly don't want to give anything away, because it' truly worth buying this book...BUT SPOILER ALERT....I think the ending could have been MORE horrifying than it was.  And I only say this because the author is so talented.....she was able to keep me up at night reading this book & trying to figure out what the hell was going on.....she might have made the ending a bit more horrifying....The realization of this fate.But, that said - well done.  You really won't regret buying this book.  The author writes in a crisp suspensful narrative that will keep you reading till the wee hours & will uncomfortably make you think about your own marriage and all those little things you don't say to each other.  It's a mystery & psychological thriller.  As you relate to it, you are horriffed that you do, and at the same time will be thinking..."What the hell happened?".  Buy it.  It's good.
I enjoy mysteries but this was a slow page turner. I forced myself to finish too much back and forth between who was telling the story.
I liked the storyline and was excited to read the book up until the second plot twist.  Then I wished she had stayed gone...or everyone had died...Carrie style.
My expectations were high after reading reviews, talking to friends and watching tv commentary. The truth is, for me, the story didn't pull me in. I can see why it might, but i just didn't find either character compelling enough.
This book was electrifying!  I changed my mind about both of the protagonists several times while reading the book.  I first hated the husband, then despised the wife....then went back to hating the husband and then wanted to commit the wife....in the end I really felt like I had been on a roller coaster ride and needed to hang on for dear life. I came off dazed and confused and yet glad I had taken the chance and took the ride after all. It was most entertaining and unusual and the end was probably the best way it could have ended without spoiling the ride.  I don't want to give away anything about this book except to say hang on tight and every time you dip or turn a corner your ride won't be over.....WOW!
A marriage gone bad, a wife gone.  This book is a look into a marriage gone bad with twists and turns that keep the pages turning.  I could not put it down.  A great read!
Excellent writing.  The author must have an incredible mind to come up with such a convoluted plot.  Didn't like the end but it wasn't a total surprise.
Once I started reading this book I could not put it down.  I actually read till 4:30 in the morning because the chapters alternated between those concerning Nick and Amy and I had to keep reading to see what happened next.  About 2/3 of the way into the story, the author seemed to lose her way and the book got more and more implausible. The actual ending was ridiculous. If any book deserved a re-write, it was this one. What a shame as it could have actually deserved a place on the best seller list instead of just selling a lot of copies.
OK, from the first page, I hated the guy. I hated that my reaction to his personal traits were so strong that I immediately assumed I knew his backstory, and hence the story arc of the entire novel. I was so wrong.He's so well written it feels like I know him in real life, as are all the other characters in this book.I won't spoil it for you, but this one did surprise me. The peeling back the layers of personalities while slowly unrolling what seems like a simple story is nothing short of a treat.
Great book for a weekend read. Once I started I couldn't put it down. Twist and turns that you keep wondering. Really a good fun read. Even friends who don't like mysteries have enjoyed and if you are a mystery fan it's a must read.
Loved everything about this book, the characters, the twists and turns of the plot. I polished it off in record time as I was just dying to find out what happened. Highly recommended!
Brilliant! The story starts of in one direction but the tables turn half way through. Think I would have preferred a different ending, but a good read none the less :)
I was totally engrossed by this book.  I listened to it in audio form, and loved it right up until the end, which I hated.  I'm not sure how I wanted it to end, but that wasn't even close lol.  Definitely worth the read though.
I really can't think of anything to say but, wow. Lol seriously, just...wow.  What did I just read? Toxic, explosively toxic.
I enjoyed this book. It was,well written. i don't usually read suspense but this was good and I finished it about 3 days
From start to finish this book was boring and I could figure out how it would end after a few chapters.  Guess it just wasn't a storythat I could relate to and just found to be a waste of my time.  The characters were just plan stupid.
I never knew what was coming next with this book, kept me in suspense right until the end of the book....
This book kept me on the "edge of my seat" to see what happens next!Well written, too!I's a fast read and I would purchase it again.
The book was recommended to me by a friend.  It was OK but not one I was wild about.  I may or may not look for another novel by this author.
Maybe the second time around he really WILL kill her because she sure needs it.  Very irritating book. Two more words.
Absolutely amazing book.I'm lying in bed, reading, reading, enjoying her way with words and how excellently the book is coming together.I get to the middle of the book and WOAH!Big change. Plot twist? Plot Twister/Rollercoaster/Sidewinder. And it's 2am in the freaking morning so I have to wait until tomorrow to keep going.But wait! There's more!So you have yourself all settled in. OK, got the plot now. And SKID on the brakes. What? What is happening here???? And THAT is what makes this book spooky scary and makes me wonder how many people are on death row who shouldn't be. Or marriages that aren't what they seem in a BIG way.EXCELLENT book.
Did not like this book. Have no idea how it's been on the best sellers list for so long. Crazy characters....good book agent
I purchased this book on the advice of others who loved it.  It took me awhile to start to read it and once I did I couldn't put it down!
The perfect book for a lazy afternoon. Easy read, unusual plot, with some twists and turns I didn't see coming!
Loved the unique way the story is written.  So many twists and turns, truly was suspenseful.  You must read to the last page!
This book was truly a page turner.  I couldn't put it down!
How well do you know your spouse? That is the central question behind Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl (as well as the stuff of many forensic TV shows).Set against the terrifying backdrop of a wife's sudden and suspicious disappearance, the first third of the novel is a tightly woven Whodunit? which follows married couple Nick and Amy as their relationship disintegrates prior to the disappearance. It is well-written, interesting, and believable. The second third sustains interest as suspicions mount and the story becomes a WhatReallyHappened? thriller, although the story line takes some increasingly bizarre and incredible turns. It is the finale of the book where everything unravels: the final chapters devolve into a convoluted mess.There are several real-life instances of a spouse who is totally oblivious to the psychotic nature of their mate (The Boston Strangler, for example), but Gone Girl assumes that the world can be deceived and that smart and capable people will agree to live in fear, opting for a chance to "finally" make amends for their life with a child of their very own (ugh) rather than expose and contain a monster. Flynn assumes that readers will believe that a weak and only slightly neurotic co-dependency will outweigh sanity. Ridiculous.
...and then went downhill. I loved the first section; it gathered me in and I stayed up much later than usual reading it. When the second section began, I thought, well, ok, here's a twist, interesting...but I found myself not liking the characters and not as interested as I was. When the ending came, I felt I'd been cheated, and, like many of the other reviewers, I really disliked the characters I started out liking so well.So is this masterful writing, or, as many reviewers have said, a reflection of the author's inability to craft a good ending to the book? I haven't decided. After a day or so to reflect, I'm glad I read the book and did find it entertaining...but the ending was very anti-climatic and spoiled my memories of loving the book in the beginning.It's been a long time since I've been so ambivalent about a book. Upon reflection, maybe that's what the author was aiming for, because I'm certainly spending more time reflecting on it than I would any other book I rated 3 stars. My recommendation is to give it a read and see for yourself. I'm sure you have (as I have) wasted more time on worse reads!
I loved this book. I didn't know who to cheer for- Amy or Nick? This book keeps you thinking until the end.
Lots of twists and turns. I didn't like the female character at the beginning of the book and almost abandoned it, but am really glad I didn't. Got to the point that I didn't want the story to end.
I loved this novel for it's creative intensity. It took a couple of chapters to get into the writer's style, but once I did, I was hooked. Yes, I know people are giving it mix reviews because of the ending. *No Spoilers Here* Also, readers think all the characters are unlikable. I agree, they are. But it's the story that is likable in my opinion.As a screenwriter, I love to read books before I see the movie versions to see how they are adapted. And I personally can't wait to see how they do this one! The rhythm of each chapter perfectly timed out as we bounce from Nick to Amy's point of view was simply incredible.I didn't like the novel length 415 pages, really? There was some mind-numbing details that should have been edited out. And the character's dialogues were at time unbelievable. I'm sorry, people just don't talk like that in real life. But I'm giving it 4 stars because, it was so well planned out. The timing in each scene was exquisite.
Fascinating characters and many turns and twists in this riveting book.  This author deserves kudos for such an original plot.
I enjoyed the middle to the end, but felt as though I was left hanging without a resolution at the end. I prefer when the villains in the story get what's coming to them, and that Isn't what happened.
Twists and turns.  You will find yourself flip-flopping alliances with the two main characters.  Hopefully you have carved out enough hours in your schedule to read it in one sitting.
Writing was ok.  Very good, interesting story, but the ending was terrible.  With a different ending this could have even a much better book
Brilliantly written with so many twists and turns. Keeps you on the edge of your seat with fantasically unlikeable main characters! this is definitely a 'must read'. Depicts the ugliest parts of the human psyche and yet we are rooting for one of these people by the end. a real psychological drama. Concentrate hard as you read though because there are so many small yet important details. Don't want to give away too much of the story but begins with a husband discovering the disappearance of his wife but this is so much more than a 'whodunnit'. By the end we do not know who is good and who is evil. Can't wait to read this author's other works
I found Gone Girl well written and well paced.I wanted to keep reading because I needed to know the ending.It was interesting to read a book that was a little bit unusual and wherethe characters weren't all good or all bad.
This book got into my head. There's not much to say about it that won't spoil it for others other than I couldn't put it down and a week after finishing it I'm still thinking about it.  So refreshing to read a completely different story.
If you like a good psychological drama, you'll like this book.  It keeps you guessing for much of the book and just wait for the ending!
I read this book in a day. I couldn't put it down! It constantly keeps you on your toes! I really hope they make a movie out of it.
The plot device seemed clever but really didn't hold together and it was impossible to care about any if the characters.
The members of my book group and I did not like this book. We liked the poetry with the clues and an occasional good phrase but did not enjoy the story. However it made for a good discussion regarding Nick's weaknesses and Amy's psychotic behavior. We also decided that we did not have much regard for her parents who as psychologists should have done a better job with her.
I know many people who loved this book from the moment they began reading it.  This was not true for me.  Once I got towards the middle of the book then I couldn't put it down. The author did a wonderful job with the two main characters.  There were lots of twists and surprises along the way.
You will not find a better example of this type of novel, so quit trying and read Gone Girl already! I have been a fan of Gillian Flynn's unique, darkly suspenseful writing since Sharp Objects and was not disappointed by Gone Girl. I read a ton of books but tend to steer clear of the mystery/suspense genre with a few exceptions (Tara French being one of them). Most examples of this genre are fun, quick reads but utterly predictable and not especially well written. Flynn and French fall into a new category, in my opinion: Suspense Literature. This is not the stuff of $7 mass market paperbacks that you pick up at the grocery store right next to paper plates. Gone Girl is very dark but at times hilarious...it's a page-turner but is also incredibly witty, lyrical and clever...and then there are the twists! I don't want to say anything that might in any way spoil the twists but believe me when I say you will not see them coming. I usually do...with both books and films, I can usually spot the Big Twist a mile away but not so with Gone Girl. Flynn managed to take a twist that might seem unbelievable and contrived in the hands of another mystery writer and sell it a way that is 100% believable. This is largely due to her masterful exploration of the main characters' motivations and psyche. I cannot say a single bad thing about this book. For those of you who loved Flynn's earlier work but find themselves confused after reading the cover blurb, don't worry. Flynn did not jump genres and decide to write a Joyce Carol Oates-like novel about the demise of a marriage. She brings everything you loved about Sharpe Objects and Dark Places and applies it to what turns out to be one of the most terrifying answers to one of life's biggest questions: How well do you really know your spouse?
Gone Girl is a remarkable novel written by one talented author.The novel takes us into the minds of Nick and Amy Dunne. A bright, energtic couple, facing major headwinds. While this may begin like the usual story of a marriage gone bad--it isn't.Not in the least.Written in first person, I had trouble getting into the narrative, but it only lasted the first few chapters. After that, I was hooked. Not only can Gillian Flynn write, she has the ability to mirror things down to the finest detail while never leaving the reader bored.We know Amy through diary entries. Nick as he journals. Nick and Amy are writers--both unemployed. After losing their New York positions, they head back to Nick's hometown in Missouri to care for his dying mother and father.Amy is THE Amy from the Amazing Amy books, written and made famous by her mother and father, Rand and Marybeth Elliot. Amy grew up in New York, spoiled and rich, before meeting Nick and falling in love. Times change, the Amazing Amy books are not so popular. Rand and Marybeth need the money they have in  trust for Amy.Unemployed and broke, Amy and Nick's marrige is falling apart. One year after arriving in Missouri, on Nick and Amy's five-year anniversary, Amy disappears.Is she dead?Kidnapped?Murdered?Each anniversary, Amy leaves written clues for Nick to discover his gift. The notes consist of moments of import over the past year. Nick has always had trouble deciphering the clues, but now, Nick is the primary suspect and he MUST discover the meaning behind the clues she's left.Eventually, even the reader begins to wonder if Nick is guilty.To tell you anything else would ruin the adventure. What I can say is, I couldn't put the book down. Gone Girl never leaves you bored, is expertly written, and engaging. I loved it.Warning: Contains explicit language.Disclaimer: Advanced Reader's Edition
I like the twists and turns although I didn't think it was so gripping that I couldn't put it down. The ending however was hugely unsatisfying. HUGELY. Might have been a best seller with the "right" ending. If you've read it, I think you know what that right ending would have been...
Good picture of Missouri.  I thought the author was wandering with her concept.  She got the stage set, but didn't know how to end the play
*Spoilers* It looks like I'm not the only one who went out and grabbed this up due to the hype and ended up scratching my head at the end. There's a point in which the vindictive nature of everyone involved just becomes too much. The beginning is great. It grabs you and you root for Nick to be the misunderstood hero by the end who gives a @*#$. Amy and Nick deserve each other. It is hard to read a book when you have nothing left but an apathetic disgust for everyone in it.This author has a lot of potential, hopefully she will dial it down on the manipulation for her next go around.
This book grabbed me from the first line with its unpredictable plot and well-developed characters.  It prompts questions about what a good marriage is and how relationships can change.
This book was well-written and kept me involved.  The plot kept moving with a variety of twists and human interests.  It never became stale and it was intriguing.
I enjoyed this suspenseful novel. One word of caution this is not an uplifting story with a lot of character growth. It is dark and it's characters do not have many redeeming values. i liked the format of the book and was surprised at several points. I was sure I had it figured out, then boom.
The beginning was good but it dragged on and became a bit far fetched. at least it ended on a good note - i.e. left you wondering
It was a very interesting plot.  Kept me Ithrilled from the start.  It was a really good who sit it except kept one wondering I what really happened and what would happen next.  It certainly kept me thinking the whole way through.  A really good story.
I agree wholeheartedly with the reviewers who felt the ending was a failure. It did not create a consistent piece of literture worth reading. Dont' waste your time on this novel. The ending ruined it for me.  It didn't fit with the rest of the narrative and was flawed. Left me annoyed that I invested time reading this when I could have read something else.
Was really loving this book but the ending spoilt it for me. So disappointed on the ending. Such a shame.
There are so many twists and turns in this novel, one is constantly surprised at the next turn.  The plot is so complex, just when you think you know what's next it goes in a different direction!  (The ending will surprise you----)
I really did not like the book.  This is the first book I've read by Gillian Flynn and will be the last.
My daughter read this book and really loved it and now I hear there is a movie that is being made based on this book.  My daughter loves Gillian Flynn's books.  I haven't read it yet but intend to soon.
I hate when people simply continue to state everyone else's review so I will not give a plot summary. This book left me shaking my head wondering what would happen next. Each time I thought I so proudly had it figured out the plot would do a 180 degree turn and suck me right back in. I will say the story is as powerful and twisting as the Mississippi river. I was a little dumbstruck at the way it ended but it stayed true to form. It was one of those books that had me staying up until 1:00 a.m. to finish reading it. I couldn't stop.....I just had to know. I think it is a must read thriller not to be dismissed by bad reviews.
This was a great read.  I was intriqued by the story and couldn't put it down.  It was definitely a good mystery, and I was surprised by some of the twists.  This was the first book I've read of this author's (selected by the book club that I'm in), and I look forward to reading her other novels as well.
It is hard to like the main characters because they are so extremely flawed, one more than the other.  You can barely wrap your head around the perverse agenda of the woman and her husband's acquiescence to a life tied to her evil.
I'm only doing a quickie review of Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn (no spoilers of course) because I read this book with the amazing Love at First Book Club participants during the month of November.Gone Girl was such a great book!  Literally I was being lied to the entire time by the characters, which was such a mind game, but also made the book amazing because I had NO idea what was going to happen!Now, the ending. . . well, a lot of my friends, ones who I value their bookish opinions, hated the ending.  But then a good number of people also enjoyed the ending.  I have to say that the ending is messed up.  But that made me love it!  It was so not Hollywood-like with the cheery, we all go home happy, that it was amazing.Whether you enjoy or hate the ending, I think that you will enjoy reading the book as a whole.  I also advise you to have a friend who has read it or is reading it at the same pace as you to communicate with throughout your reading of the novel.  Seriously, it's the only way I survived (thank you to Katie for all of our continuous texting back and forth).On a side note. . . the inside of the dust jacket is neon pink/orange and such a terrible distraction when reading.  I actually had to remove the dust jacket because I could not concentrate on the story!  But once I took it off, it was fine!Want more information on how people felt?  But please read at your own risk because spoilers are included on those links below!What thriller have you read that had you on the edge of your seat with its twists and turns?Thanks for reading,Rebecca @ Love at First Book
This was a great book, until the end. Some parts were dark. Twisted. But after reading all those pages, some of which were redundant, it just stops. Like there should be part 2 which I would not read. Readers deserve closure. BIG waste of my time and money
This book was definitely a page-turner, although I definitely could put it down for some normal "life" chores.  I love this genre, I loved the idea of a narrative POV of both the husband and wife.  I felt angry at the husband, then angry at the wife.  Then angry at the author.  She didn't know what else to write, so she just quit.  Left me hanging.  So what ended up happening?  I don't know.  I guess I'll never know.
I've read all over the place that this book is fantastic and while I wouldn't rate it that high, it certainly disappoint. Fast pace, interesting characters and unusual plot line. There were several places where the book did drag, which is the only thing that kept it from 5 stars!
I loved this book and all it's twists and turns! I wish the ending was a bit more cohesive. I am guessing the writer wanted to leave the door open for a sequel.
After the first 2 books which were barely OK, I swore off this author.  And I do like psychological fiction, but not her style at all.  This it the last I'll read I promise.  They are far too slow and far too sick.  It's about 2 and a few more people who are victims of how they were raised which is fine.  But it drags on and on and on forever and ends - well it ends strangely like the book itself.  I realize the book is quite popular, but definitely not my style.  Apparently at this point a lot of other people dislike this writing as well.  How it can be a best book is beyond me.  So much for what our society is into right now.  Too Sick for me.
I was super stoked to find Gone Girl at a used bookstore.  Talk about a page turner. There were times when I literally couldn't put this book down.  Broken into three parts, the first part seems like a standard whodunit mystery, but the second part slams you hard and makes you rethink everything you just read.  Like another reviewer stated the third part is not the most satisfying conclusion to this tale, it seems like the author had this great plot and no really good idea how to resolve it.  Even though the ending wasn't what I had hoped for (I don't even know what I did hope for!) this book is a must-read.The author's voice is smart and acerbically funny.  The main characters, Nick and his wife Amy are both pretty hateable but it's a true testament to the author that you want to keep reading despite being appalled at both of them.ETA: A lot of foul language - I know this turns off many people so beware.
Liked it a lot until I read some reviews.I agree, the ending was weird. Didn't really like it but then decided it wasthe only thing that could happen.Some of the events were not plausible but if you don't think too hard aboutthem then it's an enjoyable read.A lot of swearing.
I do not like a story that is told by two narcisistic people. I craved dialogue.  Extremely disappointed and was turning pages so quickly yo find any interest.
When my book club selected this book to read I was initially excited.  I'd heard that it was a best-seller and it seemed to have gotten such high reviews here; but once I started reading the book I found it to be very long and tedious to slog through.  I definitely would have abandoned it long before the end if I hadn't been obligated to finish it for my group.Spoiler alert.My main complaint was that I didn't feel like there was a single person in the book for me to root for until almost the very end.  I'd figured out fairly early on in Part I that Amy's diary was faked so I wasn't rooting for "poor neglected Amy" like I guess we were supposed to.  But Nick was just SUCH a douche bag all throughout the book that I certainly couldn't root for him either.  All through the endlessly long first act we have to listen to his self-centered whining about how everyone takes everything he does the wrong way and Amy never really loved him right and blah, blah, blah. He's never once the least bit worried about where Amy is, and this is BEFORE he knows that she set the whole thing up so by rights he SHOULD have been worried about her.  Any normal guy would be at least a tiny bit worried about his wife of five years' well-being in that situation, even if their marriage had been on the rocks.  But the only thing Nick's worried about is covering his own butt and griping about the scavenger hunt.  Not to mention that he's been banging a college co-ed for the last YEAR and even comes straight out and says that he'd deliberately been hoping to make Amy miserable-enough to leave him, rather than him just leaving her, so that he could maintain his image as the "good guy".  If he'd just manned up and left her a year ago, she wouldn't have had time to plan this elaborate "faked her own death" thing like she did.And when it finally does come to light that Amy planned the whole thing to set Nick up, his absolute FIRST thought is "well that totally absolves me of any and all wrong-doing on the adultery thing then because deep down somewhere I must have subconsciously known she was a psycho.  Like the way people with an iron deficiency crave red meat!"  No, Nick.  It doesn't magically make you a good person just because it turns out your wife is a psycho.  It just means you're both bad people.The only time I started to like Nick was at the very, very, very end when he decides to start taking some responsibility and thinking about someone other than himself for a change.  When he vows to get the goods on crazy Amy for killing Desi and make sure she ends up in jail.  That's the only time he acts like the actual hero of the story, and that isn't until hundreds of pages into the book.Even the secondary characters were either boring, annoying or unlikable.  Amy's parents were ineffectual airheads who'd exploited her childhood for money.  Nick's sister was just a sad sack version of Jiminy Cricket who occasionally scolded Nick for being a jerk but overall didn't do much.  The cops weren't awful but most of their lines were written in that "I'm pretending to be your buddy, be your pal, be your friend," sleazy speak that got really annoying to read after a while.  The college co-ed Nick was sleeping with came across as kind of a nimrod the way she completely failed to grasp the concept that with his wife missing Nick himself would be the prime suspect and if it became known he'd been banging a girl half his age for the last year that just MIGHT cause some issues.  Most of the towns people are either spotlight hoggers or just faceless and interchangeable.  Honestly, the people I liked best were probably the defense lawyer and his wife because they had the most honest characters out of everybody.The story itself was an interesting one and it's plain from the reviews that for some people that's enough.  So if you're one of those people that can enjoy a plot and ignore the characters, then you'll like this story.  I really need at least one character to get behind and root for in the story or else I get bored, and this story just didn't have that so I never really got into it.
Good book- a definite page turner.  Wish the ending had put things together better-was left with an incomplete feeling. I enjoyed her writing style, could visualize the characters.
Reading this book felt like walking in a minefield.My God, so many twists. Just when you feel you are about to get some answers, author drops another bomb. It kept me on the edge of my seat. I have to say it was very cleverly written. You think you know what is going on, but you have no idea.Usually, when I read these types of books, I start to look for the clues from the get go. The book had smart book description, which made everyone look suspicious from the first page.I liked Nick right away. Even though I didn't know what his role in all of this was yet, there was something about him that made it hard for me to hate him. Maybe because of his relationship with his sister, or because of what Amy wrote about him, I just liked him. As you read further, you see him tripping over his own words, struggling to come up with a decent explanation, I thought "Pleas don't turn out to be a Hannibal Lecter, I already like you too much.". When he said "I'm going to tell you something and you won't like me very much, if you liked me to begin with.", I thought uh-oh, here we go and then had to put the book down to think about how much would I let him to get away with :). One moment I thought he was a poor guy that found himself in a very crapy situation and the next, I thought he was full of s***. I wanted to shove him hard agains the wall and scream "What did you do?! What the hell did you do?!". Some parts were told from his point of view, where he was telling his side of the story. I have to say that they were brilliantly written, because he was talking directly to the readers. Even though he is not telling much, you feel a little special and think that he might let you in on a little secret. I got this feeling that he was withholding the information, which made me very frustrated, it made it hard to figure him out. I loved it :).Amy was interesting character. When she first met Nick I thought they were a cute couple. She had this sweet, sexy and quirky personality, and they clicked right away. The only disturbing thing was that her parts of the story were told not by her directly, but by her diary, that was found after she went missing. That gave me the feeling that something, somewhere along the way, went horribly wrong. But she doesn't write a single bad word about him. So what went wrong? What happened to her?It was so confusing, I didn't know who to believe. Then, you reach the middle of the story and it takes a total 180 degree turn. Right after I passed 50% a chapter starts with a words that catapults me out of my seat. It comes out of the blue and I feel dumbfounded. What?! And then the real "fun" starts :).I was loving the book up until I reached about 90%. At that point I was hoping for the author to start wrapping things up, but she was still walking me trough the minefield. She wasn't done with trowing of the surprises at me. Then, she trows one at the very end, the size of the Godzilla, with only few pages left. What in a hell was that? I can imagine author sitting, writing that very last chapter, laughing with that evil laugh, thinking "Try to crack this, Da Vinci! Muahaha!". I thought it was sloppy and not very well though trough. The ending was disappointing. For that alone I'm giving this book only 4 stars. It's sad really, because other than that, the story was truly well written. I'm sure author could have done it better than that.
I read the trailer multiple times but I was never interested enough to buy the book.  I was looking for something to read and decided to give this one a try.  I am so glad I finally did!  The story has so many twist and turns you never really know what will happen next!  One minute you love a character and the next minute you think they are trailer trash then you love them again.  A good read!
Loved the book...hated the ending. There were many twists and turns and I thought I had it figured out but I was wrong.  It was a good psychological in depth story about two dysfunctional people.
Gone Girl is a hair-raising, spine-tingling, page-turner thriller.  Difficult to put down, with an unexpected ending.  If you like suspense, you'll love this one.
I loved this book! Lots of twists and turns and I ended up raving about it to all my friends.
Gone Girl was an excellent read.  It was a referral from my daughter who also loved it.  While I didn't especially care for the ending, the book itself was one that I could not put down.  Recommend it highly.
A great book!  Great writing, well developed characters and suspense and intrigue at every turn.  Once you begin "Gone Girl", you won't be able to put it down.  Guaranteed.  I loved how the development of the story, alternating between the main characters was something different than I had read before.
What a brilliant book.  I am not even a great "thriller" fan; however, the reviews were intriguing and I gave up the cash (I am relatively cheap) and bought the book.  Boy, did I get my moneys worth (or is it money's worth?  Amy would know).  Now how did Gillian write this book where the reader did not necessarily dislike the villian?  I didn't like the villian, but I did not hate the villian...it was  strange, I just wanted to see what happened next.  How would this translate into a movie (ummmmmm).I read this book in less than 2 days.  Stayed up late, late (3a.m.) reading it (I have never done this before).  It is a page turner.This is the first book I have read by Ms. Flynn.  I want to read another one, however, I have to get some rest from this one, it is kinda like wanting to watch "I Love Lucy" before going to sleep...I need to read some tom foolery before I enter Flynnland again - but enter again - I will.  What a brilliant writer!And just for the record: I thought the ending was quite good,as you will see, not the traditional tied in a  tidy little bow...I loved it.
This book came recommended to me by my aunt who said read this book it's weird, but interesting.  My words exactly...weird but interesting and good! Unlike anything I've read before, which to me is a good thing.  If you want to read something different than this is the book for you.
One of the Best reads- hands down! I absolutely could not put this book down. Every page left me wanting to know. Fantastic!
Too my surprise my son gave me this book on Audio and loved it.  The story should be compelling and I have a daughter named Amy so it was a good hook.  Then every other word was the f word and not necessary to make the point.  The C word was used over and over,  The story that never fully developed was the story Nick Dunn's father.  He was in a nursing home and hated women but that is all we got.  The only character that I liked was Nick's Mom who passes away and his sister.  I listened hoping that there was some magical reason to finish this novel.  There wasn't the  Amazing Amy gets more deranged and Nick falls into her world of deceit.  I am so sorry I wasted 2 weeks listening I actually felt sick knowing that my son and daughter in law thought this was a great book.  It shows how low society and what we think is acceptable has come.  This book is at least 100 pages way too long and repeats over and over.  Let gone girl be gone!
I was looking for a new book to read.  This was well written and easy to read.  Very engaging!  would recommend
I ended up really enjoying this book.  It was a bit slow for me through the first half, then got crazy good all of a sudden.  I did not see where the author was taking us right away, but really enjoyed it.  By the time you are into this book you don't know who to hate, who to like, and you start reconsidering this often though the book.If you want a read that will keep you guessing, and routing for different characters this is a good pick
You will never forget this book, nor will you allow yourself to put it down!  Ms. Flynn is wise and talented far beyond her years.  Although this is our favorite of her 3 books, the other 2 are very worthwhile reads.  We cannot WAIT for number 4!  (Books are standalone, by the way.)  Please disregard the negative reviews - rubbish!  Congratulations for a well crafted novel that rises above most all the rest!
I really enjoyed this book. Looking forward to movie. I thought I knew what was going on while reading, thought i had it all figured out. I didnt...not until about 3 quarters of the way through! The author writes well, makes the book hard to put down. I stayed up for hours reading it, just couldnt stop!
In my mind, this book has three parts.  The first third enthralled me so much I could barely put it down; the second third I liked a lot but wasn't so compelled; the final third I just didn't like.I don't want to spoil the book for anything, so I'll not give any details.  I do think that the first third is excellent enough to warrant reading &#34;Gone Girl.&#34;Ms. Flynn is a creative, good writer who maintains amazing suspense while examining the phases of a marriage, albeit a marriage of--shall we say--unusual people.
The book was great, it kept me going and I couldn't put it down. I was very disappointed with the ending though. I would still recommend the book to people to read.
Sorry, I had to put this down after only 11 pages; 5,000 adjectives and 10,000 adverbs. The writer seems to want to exhaust a thesaurus with each sentence. I couldn't get hold of the beginnings of a plot, nor could I imagine wading through 400 pages of descriptions of everything the writer sees, feels or does. The style convinced me I could never identify with this gasbag of a narrator.
I love reading this book.  It's one of these books, you start reading and can't put it down.  After ordering I had the book within a few days.  Amazon is great for delivering.
Could not put this down.  Well written and truly captivating.  Loved hearing this tale from two very different points of view.
I enjoyed this book.  I do not want to give away too much because I hate spoilers but this book has all sorts of characters that are just not likable. As the plot develops the characters get stripped of their layers and nothing is as it seems.  you know that right from the first two chapters but you are not prepared for how it will go and the language of the book is unique to say the least.  Analogies that you might not expect to see are used, and it's like the author has a way of describing things, everyday things with a vivid and often slightly unpleasant twist which fits this book very well.  I will have to get her other books to read because i did enjoy this book a great deal.
I almost gave up on this book, but was encouraged to keep reading as there were big twists coming.  OK, there are some pretty good twists, so if you start this book, don't give up on it too quickly.  The author got me to commit to the characters and really feel their stress.  Really hooked me.  But for the ending, it seems the author runs out of steam and just gives up.  Feel like I wasted my time.
I am sitting here as the end of the book comes wanting more! I will read more books by this author if they are as compelling and as difficult to put down as the story of Amy and Nick.  I can see why it spent so much time on the best-selling book list.  You just have to read this book if you enjoy diabolical women!
I have loved the past works of Gillian Flynn so looked forward to the release of Gone Girl. In fact, I've anticipated reading this book for weeks and have to say, I was NOT disappointed. Perhaps her best novel to date...this is a great blend of suspense, psychological thriller and plain old-fashioned mystery all rolled into one. The characters are believable and not always likeable, this is one of those reads you cannot wait to pick up each time you have a spare moment. Kudos to Ms. Flynn. She continues to be an author worthy of the title.
Had promise with an early, interesting start to the novel. Unfortunately, it became disjointed and preposterous -- leaving the reader with no protagonist to really stay connected with. Also hated that it seemed to have 3 spots for an end-- I liked my own ending best!!  Read it for book club.
I absolutely loved this book.  I thought I had it all figured out more than once.  The characters were so interesting. I did not want this one to end. Awesome!
Since the story has been well covered by other reviewers, I won't rehash it here.  Why I liked this book so much is the twists and turns.  Not only in the story itself, but also in the minds of the two main players Nick and Amy.  The reader gets into the heads of both of them and this reveals how many psychological issues they both have, Amy more so than Nick.  The multiple monickers Amy gives herself is a nice touch....Amazing Amy, Diary Amy, Ozark Amy and so on.  Can you say schizophrenia?The complaints about the ending being a let down are unjustified IMO.  While there is no complete conclusion where a bad guy gets his or her due, it was enough to make me draw a conclusion and still leave enough open that if there is a sequel, it will be worth reading.  Loved this book.
It started out very well.  The author really knows men to be able to write such realistic feelings/expectations.  A man wouldn't really get what's wrong with himself though.Anyway, it was going well, and I was enjoying the story.  I wondered what happened to her, and all that.Then, her part.  Now we have the "real" story, but we have to go over the whole thing again from her "real" point of view, not the fake diary she left.Skipped through the rest to see how it ended.  What a lame ending!  What a crazy couple. They deserve each other, and will end up murdering each other (Hey, it happened to Bilbo's parents!) No great loss.I don't understand why this novel has a long waiting list.  It seems a book becomes an "in" thing to read, share, and discuss, that it takes on an Emperor's New Cloths bit of feel to it.  No one will say, "Gee, I don't get it.  It wasn't THAT great a book!"
I tried the sample first and was really hooked ..... and for 3/4 of the book I could hardly wait to get back to it.  The storyline is unique .... but it dragged on at the end and then I got sceptical.  The book should have been tied up and finished earlier: it started to become unbelievable.
The first chapter didn't really grab me, but when I clicked to the second chapter, I was hooked.  This book is so well written that I can't help but tell everyone I know about it.  You go back and forth between Nick's present day perspective to Amy's diary entries from the past.  Slowly, her diary brings us to present day Amy.  Just when you think you know what is going on, Flynn drops a bomb on you that you are totally unprepared for.  What a great book.  At the end of the book, you can't tell if you like the characters or if you hate them.  If anything, I certainly admire the characters because they are unimaginably smart and resilient.  Great read!
Just so you know, the book starts out slow.... and then there is a moment in the book where you state aloud "holy moly!" This book is good. My book club is reading it right now, and everyone is telling me they are looking forward to talking about the book!
highly recommend this book and any book by this author!  couldn't put it down!  looking for more books by her.  excellent price for a hardback book!
I really enjoyed the book - little bit of spoiler alert.  I did not care for the ending however I guess the author is planning a sequel.
Gillian Flynn has outdone herself in a modern masterpiece of marital disharmony that strikes a shrill chord much like the very memorable "The War of the Roses". On their fifth anniversary, Amy Dunne disappears from her home in Missouri, her husband, Nick, dumbstruck to find their living room in shambles and no trace of his wife when he returns home. As the tale unfolds, detectives inevitably begin noting the inconsistencies in Nick's behavior and his account of recent events, naturally suspecting that Nick has killed his wife, a beautiful, sophisticated Manhattanite forced by circumstances- his lost job as a magazine writer, the financial mismanagement of her trust fund and the impending death of Nick's mother- to relocate to this remote residence, far from friends and family.Flynn's setup is flawless: a careless husband spending long hours at the bar he purchased with the dregs of Amy's trust fund and runs with his sister, Margo; a lonely wife doubting her spouse's continuing affections; a diary accounting Amy's growing fears for her safety as their fights escalate; a magical New York life turned into a hollow marriage in Missouri. While an ineffective Nick stumbles through the first days of cooperating with the police and making stupid, irrevocable mistakes, Amy's found diary reveals an entitled young woman spoiled by indulgent parents, writers who have made their fortune from a series of books based on their daughter, Amazing Amy. When Amy meets Nick, she has found the man of her dreams, embracing a modern attitude toward matrimony, visualizing them forever in love, unlike their other married friends.Time and circumstance erode that dream. The Amy who disappears on her anniversary is an unhappy wife with a husband who has lost interest in pleasing her. After countless interviews, searches for the missing body and the inevitable dead ends, the unavoidable occurs: Nick is formally accused of murdering his wife. Their story becomes yet another media event, a voracious public tracking the couple's marriage, a talk show maven ranting about Amy's fate and Nick's certain guilt, You Tube, internet chat sites, the whole circus atmosphere of yet another murdering husband. But while the country treats this story as a salacious murder mystery, Flynn reveals yet another layer of deceit, exposing her fully flawed adversaries in a psychological grudge match between a brilliant, furious Amy and an ineffective, emotionally-stunted Nick. In Flynn's Machiavellian masterpiece the stakes are increasingly raised, the defeats more ominous, a chilling intellectual skirmish of a classic love/hate relationship with a sociopathic twist. Unfortunately, in this scenario, thrilling though it is, even the winner is a loser. Luan Gaines/2012.
We've all read the stories in newspapers - a woman goes missing and the husband is the prime suspect. And he loudly proclaims his innocence....even as the evidence mounts....Gillian Flynn put her own spin on this idea in her latest book - Gone Girl.It is the day of Nick and Amy's fifth anniversary. It is also the day Amy disappears. Left behind - the first cryptic clue in a treasure hunt Amy always sets up for Nick.The first part of Gone Girl is told in alternating chapters from Nick's present time viewpoint, with flashbacks to memories.  Amy's voice is heard from the pages of a diary, starting from seven years ago and building up to the day she disappears. The narratives each tell a completely different story. Who is telling the truth? The second part - well, I'm not going to spoil the plot for you, so I'll stop there.I am a huge fan of psychological thrillers and with Gone Girl, Gillian Flynn has crafted one of the best I've ever read. Really. The plot line is completely unpredictable. It's rare for me to be completely surprised at the direction a book takes, but I was this time. Flynn toys with us in a completely delicious and devious manner. You'll want to read carefully - there are lies, secrets and omissions scattered throughout the book and each revelation ratchets up the stakes just a little higher.While Gone Girl is a razor edged thriller, Flynn also explores marriage, attraction, family relationships and the media with that same sharp edged eye. Flynn's prose are are arresting, painting vivid images that crackle with intensity."....the girl a man like Nick wants: the Cool Girl. Men always say that as the defining compliment, don't they? She's a cool girl. Being the cool girl means I am a hot, brilliant, funny woman who adores football, poker, dirty jokes, and burping, who plays video games, drinks cheap beer, loves threesomes and anal sex, and jams hot dogs and hamburgers into her mouth like she's hosting the world's biggest culinary gang bang while somehow maintaining a size 2, because Cool Girls are above all hot. Hot and understanding. Cool Girls never get angry; they only smile in a chagrined, loving manner and let their men do whatever they want."This is the first book I've read by Flynn, although I have since picked up her second book Dark Places. I loved the dedication to her husband...."What can I say about a man who knows how I think and still sleeps next to me with the lights off?"The buzz you've been hearing about Gone Girl? All true and more. This is THE book to read this summer. I guarantee you won't be disappointed. Just bleary eyed - 'cause you won't be able to put it down!
I could NOT out this book (Kindle) down. Gillian Flynn weaves an intricate psychological thriller and I especially liked the way the chapters switch back and forth between the points of view of the two main characters. And what a twist at the end. I like to pride myself in being able to solve the many a who-dun-it, but this totally threw me for a loop. I cannot wait to read Flynn's other two novels. Awesome storyteller!
I'd give this 3 1/2 stars if I could, as I was glued to the pages. However there were a lot of twists in this book, which made the overall read feel inauthentic.
A perspective you haven't thought of............what if? Being smart isn't always a blessing---it can be a curse! I enjoyed this.
Is it a great novel?  I don't know.  At first I thought it was overrated but then I found myself hooked!  Easy reading, definitely a page turner with good twists.
I have suffered through this whole book because people wrote reviews saying what a great book this is and what a surprising ending this book would have.  Yes, the book was surprising, but in a more *sigh* pathetic way.  You feel like asking yourself "and I wasted how many hours of my life on this book?"The first part of the book was mainly boring.  I stuck with it because all the reviews said there would be a pay off.  I do read a LOT of books, and I've read a LOT of surprising twists in books, and I have seriously been blown off my rocker with surprise on some books.....but I really wasn't that surprised with this one.  Yes, your opinion on who was crazier did shift a few times during this book, but by the end I simply didn't care.Waste of time for me on this one.
Start if the book was slow, but by the middle I was totally thrown for a loop. Wasn't expecting that. I was thinking this book would be a stuck with you forever kind of book.  The end left me feeling unfinished....like really that's it? He's just going to roll over after she put him through that? Was disappointed in the end to say the least. Grow a pair for hells sake and give her a taste of her own medicine.
So enthralling! I couldn't put it down! I always had to know what was coming next! Can't wait for the sequel!
It took a while to get into this book but it was an interesting read.  Always keep me guessing where the plot was going.I would recommend it but think it was more of a girly book.
This book came in perfect condition on time.  I'm looking forward to reading it. A friend is teaching it in a college class; it was chosen by her students as their favorite &#34;literary best seller&#34; to study.
This book is well-written and definitely a page turner. It's very hard to put down and a somewhat enjoyable read in that any page turner is an enjoyable way to spend your time. The story is presented from two points of view, and the chapters alternate from Nick's story (the husband) to Amy's (the wife) and back again. The problem is, when I read a novel for pleasure, I want there to be at least one character I can root for, or at least hope for. In this book, the characters may toss that role back and forth, but in the end, I found myself rooting for no one, disliking both of them, and basically reading to find out how it ends so I could never know the characters ever again. As I said, very engrossing, very good writing. Just sort of unpleasant with a bad aftertaste.
Couldn't wait to find out what happened next.  Lots of twists and turns every chapter.  I really enjoyed this book.
Others in the  book club loved it. i thought it was too predictable. Prototype of typical, involved &#34;who done it.&#34;
The only reason I had to continuously put this book down was because I needed a couple breathers.  It was exhausting, but in a good way.  There are so many twists and turns, my mind was constantly working trying to guess what was the next step this story was going to take!"Gone Girl" begins with Nick waking up on his anniversary to find his wife missing.  It looks as if there was a struggle in the living room so he quickly calls the police.  As with any crime, those closest to the victim are looked at first, and the number 1 suspect is Nick.  The book rotates between Nicks POV and diary entries from Nick's wife Amy.  These entries really make the reader connect and grow close with Amy so that you really hope that we will somehow find her alive somewhere by the end of the book.There are other books that I have read that felt similar to this, but the writing was so good it surpassed anything I have read so far this year.  You will find yourself cheering and booing at characters, and not really knowing who to like in the end.  It is the conflicting character types that make this novel most enjoyable as their development really engages the reader.  Flynn slowly layers on more information as the story progresses, revealing traits that will change your view on each character multiple times.  One minute you will love them, the next hate them, and by the end you won't even know what to think.My dad also read this book and I think he would have docked a star for the ending.  I won't give too much away, but if you are okay with a book that leaves a little mystery at the end, or feels a little cutoff then you are fine.  I thought it was a perfect ending as throughout the book you are wondering what is going to happen next, that it is only right that you keep wondering even after you have finished.This book really made me think - as in rethink getting married!
Gone Girl  was not a great read and really slow and a little far fetched would not recommend it as a summer book
I am now officially spoiled for any other book, probably for years.  I'm usually pretty stingy with my 5 star reviews, but this one gets it, hands down!  One of the best books I've ever read (and I've been reading a long time).
****SPOILER ALERT..SPOILER ALERT***** Do not look below if you haven't made it to the 3rd part!!!!!This book was great..kept my attention..really enjoyed reading it...then the 3rd part started and Amy returns to Nick..then gets pregnant and now they're forever stuck together. I would've ended it much differently..I don't feel like I wasted my time..but I'm a little disappointed
This book does not get 5 stars solely because of the ending- otherwise, Gone Girl was so enthralling I could not stop reading. I read every chance I could and was severely into the story, until the end. I hated it. I hated it so much, but damn I can't see it ending any other way. I'd recommend it for someone to read, but on the weekend lest you be forced to sneak it at work!
this is the first can't-put-it-down book I've read in years.  beautifully written, wonderful twisty, believable plot.  characters drawn with empathy and humor, and extreme grace going from one voice to another.
Well crafted and suspenseful. Held my interest. Great read on an airplane as it absorbs and  engages the reader. Slow beginning but once the tale becomes more clear, it's a must read until the final pages.
I loved this book!  It did get a bit boring in the middle as the author bounces between the husband's story and the wife's, but keep reading as it will all make sense soon enough.  I'm not sure I loved the ending, but I certianly enjoyed finding out the truth and realizing just how twisted some people are.  Ultimately it was all tied together nicely.  Enjoy!
Way too wordy, often repeating sentences  It could have been shortened by 100 pages!!!  I didn't like either of the main characters.
I usually dont read fiction but this book kept me interested. Now working on another of her books... hopefully it will be just as good ;)
I know this is going to be made into a movie and I am over the moon excited to see it. Twists and turns and you won't believe the ending. I didn't!
I was really disappointed in this book on many levels.  The characters were unbelievable: the parents who wrote the 'Amy" series, the father in the senior facility, the flaky neighbor who considered Amy her best friend, even Amy and Nick.  None of them was developed into a real person.  If the rest of the book was at all plausable, perhaps psychotic Amy could have existed, but the fact that so much of the story development was unimaginable and the characters so unreal made this book a loser.  I was surprised and annoyed that it was a best seller and that I wasted my money on it.
Read this book as our book club selection which someone else chose.  Couldn't put it down.  Unpredictable ending. Try it!
The story was so far-fetched.  It was hard to believe that Amy could out-think, confound and befuddle everyone; even the FBI.  There were so many twists and turns, that were fun at first, but grew old and annoying.  Beyond frustrating ending which made me feel I went on this draining, exhausting journey with Nick and Go and Boney only to find we went no where.  The story itself, however, before it got too convoluted was well written and enjoyable.
I don't want to give away any spoilers about this book so my review isn't about the book plot. Instead its about the writing and the way the book hooked me..I couldn't wait to see what would happen next and see if the person who was responsible for the crime was caught.I definitely recommend this book for someone who wants a light murder/mystery feel with a lot of tension and wondering what is going to happen!!GOOD BOOK!!!
Really good page turner. Quiet the twist! I always choose books that were recommended to me by friends. Glad I followed her advice!
I devoured this book- so many twists and turns.  Well written and suspenseful.  I will be checking out some of her other titles.
Sure, if a woman disappears, the husband is the first to be suspected. So, when Amy disappears, Nick is the first to be scrutinized. Nick doesn't help, either, since there are some things that he really doesn't want anyone else to know. Naturally, he conceals these embarrassing details, because he knows that he is not guilty.However, when other details emerge, Nick's secrets also emerge. Each little item revealed points strongly to Nick's guilt and undercuts his credibility. Except that Nick is pretty sure that some of these details aren't quite real, even when these details have very physical proof that they are real. For the reader, too, it becomes a little disorienting (intentionally by the author) as to what is reality and what is invention.Gillian Flynn tells this tale in two voices: Nick and Amy. As we read, our sympathies switch back and forth until--Sorry, you gotta read this for yourself.
This is Billy Joel's "The Stranger" in a book. At the surface, it is a simple murder mystery novel that jerks the reader around. But it is more than just an good plot.Society has so many expectations in how everyone should act that people have little room to mix in their own humanity. Whether it is becoming Amazing Amy, or acting like a distressed husband, or living up to the wife's high expectations, there is little room to simply be yourself in your interactions with the world and your spouse.Despite this cage guiding our behaviors, Gillian Flynn points out there is some truth in these expectations. The wife should learn from the Cool Girl and give her husband slack and not expect him to be perfect. The husband should learn from the distressed husband and try to empathize and build a relationship with the wife. Not because society expects it, but because these idealized expectations do indeed lead to a better relationship.The characters may be extreme and the stream of events may be unlikely and some of the plot devices may be primitive. But look beyond these flaws, and you'll see a brave attempt to figure out how relationships really work.So, put on the faces of the stranger, because these faces are the social norms that create good societies and good relationships.
This book was just OK.  It had a lot of clever parts but overall was very unrealistic and I found myself really hating the characters, which didn't make me overly excited to keep reading.
I almost put this book down after a few pages. I am a chick who does NOT like chick books and this had a very strong flavor of being one. Something made me go back and I am happy to say that the book definitely became more interesting. I think it would have been more suspenseful if the chapter titles in table of contents didn't give away a huge punch line. I'm surprised none of Mes Flynn's editors changed this. Anyway, the book is pretty good. If you are an avid reader of intelligently written suspense books though you will likely be disappointed.
Very different, than anything that I have read . Didn't want it to end , if it really did end . It needed more, still can't figure out what person was right , if either?
Wow, what a good writer this woman is! I haven't been sucked into a book like I was with this one for a long time. I actually read a few lines of hers aloud to people, constantly impressed by her way with words. Great book. Immediately bought all of her others. Cannot WAIT to get lost in her writing and imagination again. Thank you Ms. Flynn!
I enjoyed this book. The story is and the format are out of the ordinary and very entertaining. I was not too happy with the ending.
Lots of twists and turns that never stop, it keeps you guessing to the very end, this is a great read
Gone Girl presents one of the weirdest love relationships that I have ever read about!  Forget Christian and Ana from Fifty Shades of Grey: their relationship is way kinder than the one between Amy and Nick.  Both characters appear doomed by their unhealthy childchoods and uncertainity about the REAL self.  After the fact, when both characters decide to write a tell-all, as Amy sees Nick hunched over his laptop, she talks about his pounding of the keys.  Strange, huh, since computers produce zero noise from the &#34;clacking of the keys.&#34;
A wicked psychological suspense thriller!  It will keep you reading long into the night.  I did n't like the ending though.
Upon finishing Gone Girl, the newest psychological thriller by established author Gillian Flynn, I had to ask myself, "are all of Gillian Flynn's books like this?". If they are, I can tell you now that I am going to be a huge fan. In short, I loved this book. I loved the way the author crafted the characters. I loved the way that she doled out the story, keeping you guessing about what was really going on. I loved the way that she threw out so many inconsistent details that you weren't really sure what was real, if any of it. Or who was lying to whom. Or ultimately, who were the good guys and who were the bad guys.One thing I really enjoy about reading thrillers is that they are like puzzles. I love trying to figure out where the author is going with a story before they reveal their twists in the plot. That said, I especially love when an author hits me over the head with a plot twist that I didn't even see coming. This book had all of the above. It started out pretty good, but normal for a psychological thriller, then just when I thought I had figured out what was going on, another detail would come out that had me doubting myself. Best of all, though, the author was able to reveal certain plot points that were total surprises to me. Things that I had not even considered, at least not seriously. Here I was, formulating all sorts of theories, which I love to do, and trying to keep track of all of the things that didn't seem to make sense and the story would hit me with an HOLY CRAP moment. At that point, I was hooked.I thought the characters in the book were great, also. I thought she did an exceptionally good job with Nick and Amy, making them both who they seemed, and someone else entirely. The layers to their personalities and relationship was riveting. And even the supporting characters were crafted with so many layers that they were constantly surprising me with there behavior.The only thing that keeps me from giving this book a flat out 5 star rating was the ultimate ending. For some reason, the ending just set me on edge. It's not that it wasn't believable, because it was. It's not that it wasn't appropriate to the story, because it certainly was. It is just that I didn't like where it ended. I can't say more than that without giving it away.So again, I say, I hope all of Gillian Flynn's books are this twisted, dark, and riveting. I am poised to be a major fan! A 4.5 star MUST READ for thriller lovers.
Almost put this book down (too much husband/wife dialog)  Same old issues, then I talked with a friend who told me to hang in there.  So I did, and liked the fast paced and the unexpected ending.
Reviewers frequently talk about books they just couldn't put down.  I hated that this book was so enthralling that I got nothing done for two days.  I finally made myself go to bed, but was so excited by the intriguing story, fascinating characters, and stunning writing that I couldn't sleep, so had to get up and read some more!  I like mysteries, human dramas, and books of that ilk, but was immediately blown away by just how good a writer Flynn is.  For a story to be this enjoyable AND well written--that doesn't come around very often.  I am delighted that she has two more books for me to read!
Read it twice.  I really disliked this book.  Took me on a head trip I would rather not have gone on.
Slow start...wasn't sure where the story was going....then she was GONE! That's when it got really interesting! And I could hardly put the book down. It will make a very suspenseful movie!
I found this book to have some unexpected turns in the plot which no one would ever be able to figure out.This made it an enjoyable read. The reader's opinion of the characters certainly changes as the book progresses. I enjoyed reading it and would recommend it but not extremely highly.
This is a very interesting, intense book with many surprises along the way. The authoress has done an excellent job in identifying the flaws of being human, and the true depravity a sick mind can reach. She takes your emotions for a roller coaster ride from humor to dread to repulsion toward the characters that is rarely achieved. I have never read a book before where only a supportive character turns out to be the only character that is likable and deserving compassion.  I would hate to have any of these characters as a family member. Well done, Gillian Flynn, well done.
Book was great in the beginning.  I especially liked the way the author used two narrators:  husband writes in the present, while we hear the wife's side of the story from her diary entries.  Husband and wife are married 5 years and their marriage is on the rocks.  On their fifth anniversary, wife disappears.  Of course, everyone thinks hubby did it.  The story unfolds from the two narrators.As the story unwinds, I kept going back and forth between believing husband was innocent and then thinking he was guilty as sin.  She had a great plot going until the end.  Absolutely hated the ending:  It almost seemed like the author was just tired of writing and stopped.
This book has been on every website and blog that I have read for months and months. A lot of the things that were said about it are correct: It is beautifully written, it will keep you guessing, and it is truly intriguing. The feeling that I had at the end of the book was one of revulsion. The characters are realistically scary in that I don't want to live in a world with people like them.
Gone Girl....it hit such a range of emotions.  The marriage, with it's disconnects, hits home.  Aren't all unions subject to ups and downs, questions, doubts.But then it becomes so twisted with the wife's, Amy, disappearance on their fifth anniversary.  She became the antagonist and Nick, her husband, the victim.  Then it changed and changed and then changed again.Do you ever really know anybody?  How could two people love each other but even consider doing what they were doing and had done....all in the name of love.As the book comes to a close, I  felt even more conflicted over who was sane, normal, balanced and who was the "evil" one.Gillian Flynn does a great job of pulling the reader into the story, flipping feelings and emotions all over the place, and then quietly walking away.I am still reeling over Gone Girl and it's been two weeks since I finished reading it...it's really worth a read.
loved the story, never will guess what happens, not sure I like the ending, but that is the part that makes it hard to put down
With past news stories of real life persons such as Scott Petersen (in California  whose wife turned up murdered) this novel has true relevance.Its amazing number of plot turns and deep look into the main characters was terrific.I was ( personally) very disappointed in the ending.But while reading it, I simply could not put it down.Highly recommended reading.
I enjoyed this book until I got to the end.  That is only because I wanted it to end differentlly.  But, the whole book definitely held my interest.  In fact I am going to get her other two books.
depressingly sad novel of a crazy woman manipulating everyone around her and ending up getting just what she wants. yuck
I bought this book because of a review in a womans magazine. Wish I had saved the money. The plot had twists for sure but even more twisted was the whole plotline. I know there are plenty of sick people out there in the world but I sure don't need to waste my precious spare time reading and glorifying them. I usually give my finished books to a friend to read but this one I plan on pitchingand saving my friend from this story. I understand that this is being made into a movie starring Ben Afflick. I will be putting that one on my list of don't bother watching. Friends, there are a lot of good stories and great books out there. This is NOT one of them. Keep shopping and find something positive to fill your reading time with.
This is a fun book that switches different characters being first person.  I've read this type before and always enjoy getting the perspective of multiple people.  The ending on this is odd to say the least but it's not so strange that I would say never read the book.  The ending dropped the book down from 5 stars to 4.  A few things were a little off throughout but overall a good book.
I had this book recommend to me by many people.  I have to say, I thought it was good but not great.
4.5 Stars.I don't read many thrillers but this was one of those books that all my friends had read and kept asking me about so I decided to give it a go.  The first half of the book is outstanding...maybe even too outstanding because the second half (as things come crashing to a conclusion) doesn't quite live up to the setup.  So yeah, I can understand why some readers don't like the ending.  That said, never once was I tempted to put down this book.  Overall, Flynn is a brilliant writer and a master of character voices.  Even if you're not a die-hard fan of the genre, Gone Girl is well worth reading.
This novel could be another study in human nature.  I found  it easy to read as well as mildly thought-provoking.
I couldn't wait to purchase this book because everyone was talking about how great it is... NOT!!! I should have gone with my gut after, being bored out of my mind, reading the first 50 pages and put this uninteresting waste of a book down.  Don't spend your money or time on this book... I'm so sorry i have wasted both!  UGH.
This book was terrrific. I read it in audio form. The two readers representing the two main characters really made the book great listening. The story was fascinating. Great twists and turns!!
This was an awesome book. The ending was not what I expected. I would have liked to have more about what their next chapter together would be like
This book has very interesting characters and will totally surprise you.  God help us if there are really people like that in this world.
Great book, read it all the way through, don't think you know the ending when you are two thrids through,'cause there is more surprises after that.
Twisted, manipulative, selfish, despicable.  Not your normal psychopathic and sociopathic parents. Cannot wait to read more about Amy and Nick. I know who I am rooting for!
Can't wait for the sequel. Want to know what lies ahead for the charcters in the book. Loved the twists and turns the story line took.
What impressed me the most about Gone Girl was Gillian Flynn's intelligent and skillful writing. As a reader, I was lead one way and then the path would change and my opinion would change. I never knew where the story was going. Although it was a dark story, it held my interest and I read the book fast. Several times had to stop myself from looking ahead. I did murmur aloud several times that the two main characters deserved each other. The ending did not disappoint because it went along with the twisting and changing story. Would I have liked it to be a different ending,the answer is yes. However, it did not surprise me.
I really got involved in the stories twist and turns!  I would definitely recommend it.  I'm going to check out the authors other books.
I haven't read many books where the narrator is actually the antagonist.  Tough for an author to do.  Create empathy for the narrator to keep you reading while at the same time informing the reader that the narrator is not a nice person and doesn't deserve much sympathy.  Good story with two despicable people who end up deserving each other.
A different approach to telling a story and I liked it.  The plot kept me wondering.  I was anxious to pick up the book and read some more.  Waiting for the next book and adding this author to my watch list.
I gave up on this book.  Too slow moving and introspective.  I didn't like the any of the characters.  I know its made best seller lists ... why is a complete mystery to me.
This book is not the standard good guy/bad guy mystery. I didn't find any of the characters sympathetic, which made the whole read all the more fun. The ending was a bit of a letdown, but not enough to make the book a disappointment. I would strongly recommend it to anyone tired of feeling they read the same plot over and over.
Well I must say I went online and bought this book because I thoutht it would contain something not explored before.  But the truth is, I figured out very early what was going on.... in the first third of the book.  When my theory was confirmed in the second half of the book, I felt kind of cheated, like, well, this has been done to death already.  That said, the book is very well written and the characters are nothing short of diabolical psychopaths.  I just wish I was a bit more surprised than I actually was.  The end was indeed a disappointment.  As if the author just ran out of steam and had to sum it all up somehow, and I actually lost a great deal of respect for the man, who I was rooting for.  My advice:  Wait till it is available at your local library.  Don't spend the money to get what you think will be a "big shock".  It's really not at all.  Most will figure out exactly what is going on early in the book.
This novel had great promise, and a huge twist at about the halfway point that kept me on the edge of my seat.  I liked the style and format in which it was written, and eagerly awaited the next chapter.  Unfortunately the ending didn't live up to the excitement and thrill of the tone that the author carried up until those last 10 or so pages.  It was an extreme disappointment and reminiscent of the schlock Stephen King writes -- he can start and write a good novel but can't end it.  How this book ever ended up on the New York Times best seller list is beyond me.  I wouldn't recommend it.
Astounding! Did Nick kill Amy? or didn't he? So many twists...it's difficult to predict what is going to happen next.
This book rocked my world...again and again and again.  I will be reading every book this author has written----i can't get enough of her writing style and her characters.  Disturbing, highly addictive read!!
The book is definitely original down to the way it was written and the story line. Once I got into the book I was hooked because I wanted to see what would happen. However, I did not like either of the characters in the book, so I felt like I had no one to root for.
The plot was intensely interesting and the character description was excellent.I gave 4 stars because, at the end, the plot becomes too far-fetched.
This was an excellent book with lots of twists and turns and a surprise and very sudden ending.  I'm looking forward to the movie.
Disturbingly good book. It is one of those that keeps you on your toes while reading it and stays in your mind long after. What is the truth?
I had a little difficulty getting into this book.  The early pages turned me off by describing every person, place or thing with so many adjectives and adverbs that it took a paragraph to get the bit of information applying to the story.  When I got past the beginning, it was a good read.  Fascinating and suspenseful to the end.
Purchased as a gift that was well received. It is impossible to state more than this as I have not actually read the book.
This was required reading for a book club and I probably would not have picked it out myself.  The club had a great discussion on this book and I would recommend it to any book clubs because of that.  The characters will definitely get your attention.  Good read
I give this book no stars.  Characters not appealing, sick people.  Lousy ending.  Made me want to take a shower to get the creepys off...
What an amazing book - I read it in 48 hours! Suspenseful, thrilling, chilling and mysterious - this novel is superbly written! Gillian Flynn is terrific at keeping the reader in suspense until the very end of the book. A must read for all those who love a good mystery.
Very slow start.  Had a hard time getting into it but after all the hype I stuck with it.  I did begin to enjoy the story and all the details but figured out where it was going until the ending.  Rip off.
I enjoyed this book until the end. And although i dont want to spoiled for you I would say....IF this book would have had another ending, I would have given it four stars. However, the ending was nothing credible to me. I just did not buy it. IT WAS REALLY A SHAME, BECAUSE I ACTUALLY ENJOYED....
Well..if you are thoroughly bored and are looking for a quick read where you don't have to put much thought into, this is your book. It is very poorly written but it does have a decent story line. I am sure it will be made into a movie and I am hoping Hollywood can do a better job that Gillian did.
I heard great things, so I was looking forward to the book. While I enjoyed the surprises the story has, some I expected from the tone of the chapter, I never liked the characters to care &#34;whodunit.&#34; I also don't like the ending. I won't spoil it, but after everything - everything, I'd have liked something else.
WARNING # 1: Gillian Flynn is addictive. Don't blame me if you suddenly start spending too much time reading her books. If you read "Gone Girl," you might as well just plan on reading "Dark Places" and "Sharp Objects," too, because that's what will happen to you.WARNING # 2: Gillian Flynn is disturbing. I mean that in a good way. The people that populate her places are nowhere near ... normal. I realized this as soon as it became clear to me that the narrator of her first book was what some folks call a "cutter." Fortunately, Flynn is such a good writer that she can make such subjects seem ... well, I don't know that I'd go so far as to say "enjoyable," but "interesting" certainly applies!WARNING # 3: Gillian Flynn will keep you up at night. She is one of those "can't put this down" authors. If you're going to start one of her books, you'd just better plan on being up later than you thought you would. Make sure you have the next day off work, or, if you don't, try to ensure that you have a) a boring meeting you can nod off in without coworkers noticing; b) a Webinar to watch alone at your desk, and one that's completely unimportant; or c) a project you've been dilly-dallying on, and on which you can dilly-dally some more. ;)Other things Gillian Flynn does right:-- She understands small towns. I'm a native Missourian, so TRUST me on this one -- yes, Carthage, Missouri, really IS like this. I grew up partly in small towns. The whole nature of that existence is that everybody is up in your business. You either learn to thrive on that kind of thing, or you leave.-- She writes concisely. Actually, "Gone Girl" is a bit longer than her previous books. That hasn't hurt her so far, but it could. It's hard to write good suspense and keep the level of tension tuned way up for too long. "Gone Girl" is a bit more complex, though, than what she's done so far, so in this case I'd say it's justified. I just don't really want to see her move into 500-plus-pages territory.-- She follows that adage "write what you know." She grew up in Kansas City, Missouri, and lives in Chicago now. She sets her books in the Midwest, and unlike other writers who just guess at how we hayseeds live out here, she actually gets it right. Without being condescending, either, which is much appreciated.Flynn has become -- deservedly so -- one of the most highly praised suspense writers of her generation. "Gone Girl" is her third GOOD book, and that's saying something. I hope we see many more novels from her.
Wow, what a ridiculous ending. I agree with others that it seemed the author did not now how to end the book, so she just stopped writing. Nothing clever about this at all, I felt really hoaxed. A previous reviewer said that those of us who did not like the ending just didn't get it - you know the story goes on without us - well I have news for you, we did get it and feel it was a cheap trick. She implied that we were too unsophicated to understand it - ha, you've been had! I watched the last episode of the Soprano's, which ended it the same manner and was delighed by it because it was true to entire span of the series - this was not in that league.
This book has so many twists and turns!  I was unable to put it down during the last chapters.  The ending is unanticipated!
Both main characters have little merit.  Had a hard time fnishing it due to my dislike of the twisted plot of the lead female .  Nothing learned from this book.
This is so well written and keeps me wanting to know what happened. I wanted to read it again before finishing it. Fabulous writing style. I thoroughly enjoyed it and recommended it to several friends who, as it turned out had already read it and not been able to put it down. Thank you Linda for recommending it to me. M Baker
The story is told in separate chapters by him and by her.  They evidently didn't live the same life.  Very clever technique by the author revealing layer by layer the farse that became the life of these 2 young people.  I won't reveal any details, but it is worth the read to see who is telling the truth and just what was the truth?
That is one messed up story. I grew to despise both the antagonist and protagonist. It was well written, original. Just messed up to think this way of thinking and acting could be!
Loved the book.  Very interesting characters.  I was very disappointed in the ending.  For me, it felt like the author ran out of steam and just wanted to end it.  Even if you wanted that ending, it could have been written with more details
She's a psycho...the story keeps on flowing and changing and totally interesting. The end still has you wondering....it's a totally poisonous &#34;love&#34; affair. Great reading!
This book has so many twists and turns it should be a street in San Francisco. You're kept on the edge of your seat wondering from one page to the next - did he? did he not? Who's lying? Where does the truth really lay? Just as you come to a conclusion, your concept is blown out of the water. And the end is deliciously twisted and so forbidding for the future. If there is a future.
This is not your ordinary story.  Very creative, twisted and dark, almost disturbing.  There are some very funny quips, with an almost stream of consciousness narration giving us an interesting perspective to the two main characters.  The first part of the book was really disturbing to me, good, but distubing.  The second part made me feel (oddly) better about the story.  The last part was the most difficult to accept and the ending was awfully abrupt to me.  Overall a really good book with excellent writing.
This book kept me guessing which character was the good guy and which was the bad guy. It kept switching back and forth.
I don't understand how this book has clung to the SoCal bestseller list for so long.  This is one of the most numbing books I've read in quite some time.  Had it not been one of our book club's books, I'd've round filed it early on.
This book was recommended by a friend of mine and I thought I'd pick it up after seeing it top various reading lists. I was in suspense for most of the book and just when you think you know the characters you're in for a shock in each progressing chapter. I wasn't into the ending at first but after thinking about it I guess I was just disappointed I reached the end of the book.
By now everyone has heard of or read this book, but man, is it worth it!  Great premise, constant twists and turns that kept me guessing right up until the end.  Worth every bit of the hype.  Very dark.
Gone Girl : A Novel  kept me turning pages and not wanting to put it down.. thank you for another wonderful book.
This book was filled with more twists and turns than I could have possibly asked for! It was a fantastic read.
Where to begin with this review....First off, and to point out the few good things about this book, it was fast-paced, well written and seemed promising.Now, on to the bad. I don't think I've ever had the misfortune of coming across such pathetic, unbelievable characters. Not one of them had a single redeeming quality: Amy is smart, but haves no self esteem and the compulsive urge to be liked by everyone; Nick is a douche; Go doesn't appear to know which way to go throughout the entire book; Boney is a loser; Amy's parents are pushovers, and the list goes on and on, ad nauseam.And I don't mean that the characters have to be good in order to be likeable: take Hilly Holbrook from "The Help", for instance. She was one mean b---h, yet she was completely believable and I really enjoyed her character. In Gone Girl, none of the characters seem to care much about anything or anyone, and are moved by inertia, because there are no logical reasons for them to act the way they do and make the choices they make. They are all basically rotten to the core. Amy is so bad she is plain psycho.I was also annoyed by the fact that even though you are reading what is supposed to have happened, it becomes obvious very quickly that events happened differently, and that spoiled the suspense for me. Likewise, and as you get to know the characters, it is clear that they will get no resolution or closure, and you are left hanging on Amy's last words for an ending. Way to go, Ms. Flynn!I don't know what else Ms. Flynn has written or how this book managed to be included in the Best Sellers List, but I'm sure I'll never read any of her other books, and I most certainly will never trust the best seller list again.
Despite all the reviews about the ending, Gillian Flynn really pulled this off. Can't wait to read her other novels.
This is a well written, story with plenty of twists in the plot that makes it hard to put down at any point. Unfortunately is about a group of self-centered people I could car less about.
I found this to be manipulative, too unbelievable, but the flow was fast enough to keep me turning the pages to see what moreoutlandish thing would happen.
The year is young and yet I have to predict that Gillian Flynn's new novel Gone Girl is going to be one of my "best books this year".  I was very pleased to see this new work turn up on Amazon Vine and I really enjoyed it.I had debated a lot of titles for this review, and I had to abandon all of them because they gave away certain things about this book that readers should discover for themselves.  (The word "amazing" comes from a series of books that Amy's parents wrote when she was growing up called "Amazing Amy" - said books being both a benefit and a detriment to her later life.)  It's a difficult book to review without major spoilers, so bear with me!  In a nutshell: 5 years married, Nick and Amy have moved from Manhattan to his hometown of Carthage, Missouri to rebuild their lives after losing their jobs in the recession and to take care of Nick's elderly, ill parents.  On the day of their fifth anniversary, Amy disappears...and this starts the ball rolling through a novel that is simultaneously a fascinating character study, a mystery and a portrait of post-recession, small-town middle America.  Flynn manages all these subjects brilliantly and creates a number of memorable characters: easy-going Nick, competitive, smarter-than-we-thought Amy, Nick's sharp, underemployed sister Go, Amy's unabashedly PDA parents Marybeth and Rand, Nick's Alzheimer's-suffering father, and many more.  Her picture of Carthage is just as memorable, from the bands of homeless men walking along the river to the abandoned giant shopping mall filled with squatters to the failed McMansion neighborhood Nick and Amy live in.This book makes a lot of comments about relationships and how well we think we know the people we are supposedly closest to.  We all know that the face we show while we're dating someone is (usually) different from the one we show once we're in an established relationship.  What if the masquerade continues?  What if what we think we know about a spouse or other close relative is completely wrong?The story is told in the alternating voices of Nick and Amy, which worked well for me.  It's clear that neither spouse is perfect; Amy seems to put a lot more into the relationship than Nick does, and it's been hard for her to leave their previous life behind in Manhattan and start over in another state.  Nick tends to take the easy way out of any problem, but he loves his wife and wants to make their midwest life work.As I said above, I don't want to give too much away - Flynn is so good at gradually revealing what's really going on that I would feel terrible if I spoiled it for you.  It's such a pleasure to read such a well-constructed novel, and it's one that will stay with you for a while after you finish it.Very highly recommended, and if you haven't sampled Flynn's talents before, I also highly recommend her previous book Dark Places, an equally great character study/mystery.
I had heard alot about it and was a little disappointed in the book. Not bad, but my expectations were higher.
This book had me guessing the whole way through. Great book the ending wasn't the best but I guess after you write so many plot twists might as well end it.
Really?  That was the big twist?  After a thousand pages (felt like it anyway) of rambling, silly, contrived, badly-written garbage fiction?  This is what sells well these days?  I kept reading expecting some sort of redeeming twist, but the whole thing read like a bad outline.  Insert unsurprising twist here, insert another there.  I slogged through it for weeks, skimming self-indulgent passages that strained to be interesting or witty or surprising, all for a non-ending that left me swiping my Kindle looking for the missing pages.  Surely it must be here somewhere!  Wrong.  What a waste of time.
I think I may be in love with Gillian Flynn.This is the story of Amy Elliott Dunne and Nick Dunne, the perfect couple in the ideal marriage. It's a storybook tale . . . or maybe it isn't. One day Amy goes missing, and it slowly begins to dawn on you that one (or both) of the two is a sociopath. Gone Girl is plotted almost as diabolically as Catch 22. It's near-perfect, with jaw-dropping shocks and shivers all the way to the very last page.Amy is the Golden Girl, raised in wealth and privilege in New York's intellectual society, brilliant and drop-dead gorgeous. She is Amazing Amy, the subject of her loving parents' eponymous series of children's books that instilled in a generation a powerful sense of right and wrong. Amazing Amy is everyone's ideal.Nick is a son of Missouri, a Tom Sawyer-like figure who grew up near Hannibal and literally once held a job impersonating Huck Finn for tourists. Himself drop-dead gorgeous and a brilliant writer, Nick is the perfect husband for the perfect woman.As this story unfolds in Flynn's expert hands, we learn more and more about these extraordinary people. At length, we figure out that things can't possibly turn out well. But we can't possibly guess how.The style with which this thrilling tale is told is simply intoxicating. Gone Girl is one of the very best novels of of suspense I've ever read. For once, a novel is topping the New York Times bestseller list that isn't (a) written on James Patterson's assembly-line, (b) a potboiler about the rich, powerful, and famous, or (c) female S&M; porn. If you have even remote interest in thrillers, read this book.
I kept hearing chatter about how this was a very good book, so I bought it for my Kindle while on vacation. For the first half of the book, I read it voraciously, and couldn't put it down. The author kept you guessing, and you wanted to see what would be unveiled next. A twist is revealed around the middle of the book, and that is the point where I think it lost something. It was still good - still enjoyable - but it slowed the pace of the story down. I think if the author had ended the book strongly, that twist wouldn't have mattered. However, I thought the ending kind of fizzled out. I am glad I read it, and can say I enjoyed the story overall. I just wish the second half could have matched the strength of the first.
I really wanted to be caught off guard and surprised by this book, but I was not. I saw plot turns before they happened, and even saw the ending coming from almost the beginning. I debate whether that dismisses the book overall.In the end, I enjoyed the read. I thought it was a good psychological-type thriller, and it kept me turning the pages. It only took me an afternoon to read, so it was not a huge time commitment (which I like for a book I only marginally like).I wish I could give it 3 1/2 stars, because I really do not know that it lived up to 4 star potential. I would recommend the book though, so it is better than a 3 star book.I think someone who is not a careful reader (and does not read a lot) will have a fun time with the book, as it will catch them off guard and unaware of the massive "twists" that the author attempts to make. If psychological thrillers are your reading genre, I might encourage you not to read it, because you will see the end far before the book is over.
Such a great book - kept me hooked and guessing all the way through and had me on an emotional rollercoaster.  Great character development.  Without spoiling, I just wasn't thrilled with the ending.  However it's still one of the best books I've read in a long time.
Outstanding. I like the way the book  went from one character to the other telling  the reader their side. Each was convincing. It was truly a thriller, well thought out with a most surprising ending. I rated it so high for the suspense factor.
This story caught me up and took my imagination on a long and twisting road.  There is nothing that is what it seems to be, and about halfway through the book I started wondering about my own powers of perception.  The characters are compelling, and deeply complex.  The author's writing style is almost conversational, and written from the viewpoints of the main protagonists.  These two are locked in a passive-aggressive battle, and I kept turning the pages as their stories peel back the individual layers of history.  It was very hard to put down, and lingers after turning the last page.  I would like a follow-up book, because real closure is not provided.  Does one ever really know their spouse?
This thriller had me guessing at every turn.  Just when I began to form an opinion or believe I had it figured out, Ms. Flynn threw in a new twist.  I loved it!  The suspense and intrigue kept me guessing at every turn.  I could not put this book down and found myself totally engrossed.  From sad, mad, compassionate to furious to an ending that takes you by surprise, it is unlike any mystery I have ever read.  If you love mysteries without the predictable storyline and ending, this one's for you!
This book was both riveting and frustrating at the same time. The book got off to a pretty slow start and then just shy of halfway through, it really began to move. Both of the main characters were well developed but maintained enough mystery to surprise you. However, from the beginning, I saw through Amy's character and was beginning to get annoyed by the way the townsfolk were siding with her over Nick- who was equally flawed yet somehow more likeable- at least for me. I guess I have grown weary of female "victim" do often portrayed in media. Anyway, there were a few plot twists that literally blind-sided me and a few I saw a mile away. The ending left me a bit dissatisfied as I expected more.
This book will keep you guessing and leave you thinking and in most cases it will also make you appreciate your spouse more.  Can't say a lot more without spoiling the fun.  It's a wild ride.
Most mysteries are either so over the top as to be unbelievable, or you know "who did it" way too early, but faithfully plod through the pages on the off chance that something unexpected will happen (when it never does).  In this mystery, it does not matter that you know what happened about midway through the book.  It is watching the characters unfold, bit by bit, and in some surprising ways, that kept me reading.  Like others said, the primary characters are unsympathetic, and usually I ditch any book where I don't like the characters.  Not so this one.  Besides answering the tired question "can we ever really know another human being?", which has been answered in so many other books, this book delves further and asks "can we ever really know ourselves, and what we are capable of?  Can we figure ourselves out BY ourselves, or does it take connections with others to show us who we really are?"  That is the mystery.I gave the book 4 stars because some things struck me as a bit far fetched (no spoilers here).  Otherwise, I look forward to reading the author's other works.
The book was entertaining and hard to put down.  My biggest complaints were the vulgarity of the characters and the ending.  I disliked both Nick and Amy, so it was hard to root for either one.
This is a story about a married couple that, over time, have very different ideas and plans in life. They are both fairly dark and deceptive people. There is a lot to this story. The plot is wild! There are twists and turns. The wife is basically a genius but uses her brains for nothing but deceit and evil. She is one messed up lady. I do recommend this book. It is a wild ride. You never know what's coming next. My response to the ending is "WOW...". It sure didn't end any way I had expected it to.
This book is a fascinating modern tale of marriage. An intriguing mystery. The author really sucks you into the story. The downside for me personally was over use of F bombs and  pervasive sexually explicit material. I liken it to The Girl with the Dragon Tatoo in both suspense and vulgarity. If I had known ahead of time either book was that way from the beginning, I would not have read either one. If that doesn't matter to you, then by all means read both. I would give 5 stars to a version with less vulgarity and language.
This book was great to read. It kept me on my toes. You think what is going to happen... happen and it don't. When you think you have figured the whole think out, you haven't.
I'd rate this novel 5stars for the writing style 2.5 for the plot. An exciting beginning, even if it felt predictable, I still enjoyed getting wrapped up in the characters and the details of their thoughts. About 2/3 of the way through the book, the events and characters started to get too unbelievable, that spoils it for me. Still there were many unexpected twists and developments so it never got boring - not until near the end. The last 1/4 of the story seemed weak, and as others have said, rushed.
Do not buy this book unless you have the time to read it because ONCE YOU START YOU WILL NOT WANT TO PUT IT DOWN. It is a fascinating, compelling read and drew you deep and dangerously into the story and the characters. The story starts off with one wife missing .... but pages later after mystery, intrigue and also sorts of twists and turns you begin to wonder "what is really going on" and of course, the rest is history, you need to finish that book as quickly as possible!!
Couldn't put this book down!  It definitely lived up to all the hype and talk it got.  I would like to read her new book.
After 5000 reviews on this site, I don't know if there is anything new to say?This was like reading a new Hitchcock story.After reading the author's 2nd book (from the library), I actually couldn't wait to  purchase this one!(still 55 on wait list) I'm now waiting for the first book.Many people did not like the ending, but it seemed appropriate to me.The characters were all terrific, the story amazing.
Not for me. I hated wife after reading 1st chapter and wished she was dead. I'll probably be the only one who didn't like this book and I'm ok with that.
A truly well written thriller.  I came into it without knowing much of the story, so I was I really taken aback by the twists and turns.  It is well crafted, the characters are believable and the voices well executed.  It surely made me pass the time, all of the few it took me to read it.  I just could not put it down.  A great read.
The gradually demise of a marriage, gives way to this crime thriller where the wife suddenly disappears and the husband appears as the prime suspect. A criminal investigation ensuesHusband and wife give shape to the tale every other chapter from beginning to end giving the reader their feelings, as the story moves onIt is great the way it was written, using simple words, paying close attention to tiny details of the characters' attitudes and interactions among them and with their surroundingsGood twists and turns, at the end of some chapters situations are crafted to surprise the reader and uptick suspenseBut not only is a crime thriller, the author takes her time throughout the story to have her say about what love and marriage involvesIt is up to the reader to judge the ending and reach conclusions
I've been searching for a good book since some months ago, found Gone Girl and simply loved it!The way it's written between his and her history makes it easy to read and to imagine all what was happening in their life.Don't miss it!
I enjoyed this novel very much.  The twists and turns were imaginative.  I thought the use of first person narrative for each character added to the suspense.  I would recommend this book to my friends.
This was easy reading and had enough twists and turns to keep me interested.  As I read this I kept seeing it in my head as a movie - I don't know if there are plans for a movie, but it would be entertaining.  I also liked how the chapters alternated between Nick and Amy.  Light and entertaining - nothing heavy at all.
I read a lot of fiction, mostly mysteries but not exclusively. This book is a whole different category..mystery, suspense and a thrilling psychological drama. I could not put it down.
I can only say that I wanted more. I need to know what happened...exactly. I just need to. Figuring it out doesn't do it.Everything else worked just until the very end.
A real page turner.  Many twists and turns.  One gets caught up in the drama of the plot!  Terrific book!
Super wonderful book written so well it was easy to read even though situations were complicated.  Just loved the story and recommend it even though I am not a mystery fan.  Good switch-a-roo for those always reading non fiction books which I usually choose.
I wondered why this book had been on the bestseller list for so long so decided to try it. I can understand now. Very different plot and her style of writing is so full of unusual imagery. I am also now reading her previous books. I recommend all of them especially if you enjoy getting into the heads of the characters.
it is ok...she is a sick bitch.  it goes back and forth, him, her, him, her...even the cops are lame.
I originally  bought this book because it had been on the New York Times top ten for over a year, and I wanted to see what the fuss was all about. It turned out to be a very original psychological suspense story told in alternate chapters by the two main characters.Your loyalities shift, your perception shifts, you are totally in the middle of a unique situation.Some friends of mine felt this was a very depressing book, but I was captivated all through, and satisfied by the ending.
The first half is absolutely masterful.  One would swear, however, that the second half was written by someone else.  The plot turns preposterous, and what had been a very interesting sociopath turns into a not-so-interesting psychopath.  I was extremely disappointed.  The only reason I award the book three stars is due to the quality of the first half.  (As a teacher, I'd have given this book an A/D-)
Just could not  get into it - I put the book down after the first few chapters. Was not for me!
My wife loved this book... until the ending. She had been forewarned about this problem, and the ending still bothered her. The book has and still is selling like pancakes, so perhaps she is in the minority.
Wow is my first thought. I know people in marriage are at times in love and in hate. But this story shows how demented that bond can be. There are so many really mentally screwed up relationships that it makes me wonder why we even try. Is that how evil we all are? If so what is the reason for our existence?
Here is a book that I know  liked, but I forgot was was between the covers. I know it was a mystery, and that I have begun to like mysteries, I always preferred literature and fiction and some non-fiction,, but current non-fiction on Amazon is so keyed to the U.S. public it is difficult to find good.
Enjoyed it. Suspenseful. Better than DARK PLACES. Will consider reading more of her work because I enjoyed this so much.
Even if this book was free, I wouldn't think it was worth the money. I knew from the beginning what was revealed halfway through the book and nothing surprised me during the entire book. I couldn't like any of the characters and found the writing irritating and oddly phrased. It seemed the author thought the more you describe something, the more interesting it became but it just seemed lame, like she was trying to fill pages. The only reason I finished this book was to find out the resolution, not that I was excited to see what was going to happen. To me, it was all so sad and depressing. I makes me hungry to read a well-written book that I can enjoy.
This was not the"can't put it down" book I was lead to believe.  I love to read those novels on the best sellers list, but this was a little disappointing.
I so enjoyed the story and the changes of viewpoint on each chapter (character).  It had me going til the end
A complicated story that just kept on getting more compicated.The characters kept me interested and the ending was a little strange.
I enjoyed this book at the start, but gradually felt less and less sure of the way the story was going. Eventually, I found myself skimming the last few chapters and just wanted it to finish.
What a book!  This was a real twisted story and a fast read.  I loved it.  I'm hoping for a sequal.
Once I started reading the book it was hard to put it down. I can see why it has remained on the best seller list for so long. I can't say that I  ended up liking the main characters all that much but it had an interesting plot and was well written and I enjoyed it very much
it's ok.  it rambled for a long time in the beginning.  neither nick or amy were very likeable.  you wanted to slap both of them and say wake up.  the ending was open ended.  did not live up to the hype.
Gone Girl...I understand why it was on the bestseller list for over 40 weeks.  The story surprises the reader and the story-telling format gives insight to the minds of the characters.  What an ending!
Different - not so predictable, which is unusal nowadays - This is the first book I've read by this author & will read her others based on this
The first two-thirds of this book is fabulous.  Wonderfully written with lots of clever twists and "a-ha" moments.  The last third of the book jumps the shark and devolves into almost romance novel prose.  And the ending is lame and unsatisfying.
This book has more twists and turns than Lombard Street in San Francisco.  It is quite entertaining with the chapters flipping from husband to wife villian; it will keep the pages turning--until the end where it falls flat.  It would be a 4-5 star if the author could have figured out how to end it.
Story was a little hard to follow at first, then it got interesting, then the ending fell flat.  I was disappointed.
Am a quarter of the way through this book and will probably never finish it.  The language turns me off to begin with and there is definitely too much wording - straying from the actual plot. I am sorry I bought it.  Not one I would recommend.
I don't want to give away the good stuff. This is a book you will not regret buying. I would have preferred a different ending; nevertheless, it is a great read!
Just when I thought I had the book figured out, a different voice started telling the story.  Very well done.
I was hooked from the first chapter, just kept getting better.  Hated to see it end I plan on reading Gillian Flynn's other book.
Very hard to put this book down. Since it is told from two points of view, you always want to know what the other narrator is going to say next.  Definitely a psychological thriller!
It did not grab me or hold me.  I just struggled to get through it.  Maybe just not my cup of tea.
How did this book have almost 11,000 readers writing reviews and garnering more than 3 stars? One must conclude that a lot of money was spent by author and publisher and publicist to drum up sales. Awful book about awful people and truly awful final third that comes out of nowhere. I can just hear her publisher saying &#34;wrap it up fast, girl - doesn't matter if it makes no sense - let's advertise, advertise, advertise&#34;.
This book will have you spinning.  It has twists and turns like no other.  Well done.You can't stand one person, then learn to have more sympathy for them, only for it to lead to the dislike of another character, and at the end you don't care for any of them, but love the book just the same.This book is worth the hype I think.  I really enjoyed the fun journey and crazy antics of the main characters.
Did I Like it? I don't know. I do know it kept my attention and I read into the wee hours of the night only to wonder - at the end - what happened.I have passed it along to see of others feel the way I do.It really got me 'hooked in', but I do have to say she left me guessing at the end.Margeaw
Good mystery.  Well written and keeps you reading.  I read it very fast.  Try it you'll like it if your a mystery buff.
A little too far fetched for this reader.  It started out interesting but fell apart for me.  I liked the plot of the story but the writer got too complicated with it which made it unreal.  I didn't like the end either.  Sorry Gillian.
This book has so many unexpected twists and turns you won't believe it! A real page turner. Gripping and full of spite.
Fascinating story and well written - twists and turns throughout as you get to know the characters better with every page. Not crazy about the ending but you decide.
I found the writing style of this book to be unique....I liked how the chapters went back and forth between characters and time.  Really kept my interest and I couldn't wait to see what the next chapter would reveal and how my perspective on things would change or stay the same.  I highly recommend this for anyone wanting a good read.....
What a brilliant book!! Gillian Flynn writes in a way that makes it all seem so real and very frightening.
Leaves you thinking right to the very end, lots of twists and turns where you don't know what it going to happen next.
So many twists and turns hard to keep up.  Almost  a new beginning in every chapter.  Love a book that keeps me guessing to the end and this one did.  Only thing I didn't like is the ending and the END. I look forward to a sequel.  I know it's coming.
Girl Gone was an interesting book, very cleverly written but a bit drawn out in places. Ending was a bit far fetched.An average read.
This book was recommended to me.  It was an easy, fast paced read.  Disappointed on the ending-did she lose interest and will kill him, worried about the child, don't like stories that don't have a real ending.
This was a book chosen by my book club.  Otherwise I would have never finished it. The story was interesting and may have continued so if it had a better ending.  But the writing is so vulgar and crude that it was hard for me to read it.  There must have been at least 3 or 4 "F" words on every page.  It is the most vulgar book I've ever read and I thought nothing could be worse than the "Girl with the Dragon Tatoo", but this was.  When describing scenes of any intimacy--after all, the people in the book were married--the writer uses very foul language.  The writer is a young lady with a child.  I would be embarrassed for my child to ever read my books if I wrote like this.  Now bear in mind, I am not an old lady prude.  This book just went too far.  I don't expect my novels to border on pornography!!
Full of unexpected twists- I couldn't put it down. Recommended for mystery and or novel fans. I plan to read more Flynn very soon.
Good read.  Liked the twists--lots of surprises and written with humor and gut feeling. I would recommend it to my family members as well as friends who are young at heart.
No one in this book is likeable.  Of course I had to finish it and find out what happened.  [Spoiler alert!  Oh, I guess I did that with the title and first sentence of the review.]  I found a typographical error and that didn't help.  Go ahead and read it because everyone else is reading it and you don't want to be left out.  When done, donate it to your local library.
I did like the book  and looked forward to getting back to it whenever I put it down but then it began to be a chore. It  was drawn out and hard to believe that either one of the main characters would exist.
This book has suspense,humor,love and at some parts a little bit creepy. I definitely recommend this book to be read. the only thing I didn't like was the ending,but overall it's a brilliantly written  book.
This was an interesting book.  The story changed in a different direction than I expected, so I liked that it kept me guessing for awhile.
I could not get over the &#34;bad seed&#34; in this book!  I did not like how the book ended. I must say it was an interesting read.  I did not want to put the book down.  The language and actions were too strong.  I am looking forward to the movie adaptation of this novel.
This is probably the worst &#34;mystery&#34; novel I've read! The end was very obvious, and the characters were very dull, I hated all of them, specially the husband. Don't waste your time and money, it's so not worth it!
However! The ending is very annoying. I had read that it was, but I read it anyways. I still liked it a lot though!! Dark places is, by far, her best book!
I really enjoyed this book! Not your average thriller.  Just when you think the story is going to be predictable and cliche, it turns out to be ANYTHING but.  Will keep you glued to the edge of your seat, and you won't want to put the book down until you're done!
This book started off well but increasingly got more confusing and scattered along the way. It took way too long for the predictable ending, in my opinion.  I felt there was unnecessary foul language, where it didn't do a thing for the story line, and the back and forth litany between the characters got a little boring.
I loved this book ... character development was fantastic.  It was completely entertaining and engrossing - I read it in a day because I could not put it down.  The only problem is the ending which was a real disappointment.  I'm surprised that more readers did not complain about the ending.  Of course not all stories end the way you want them to and I guess it's a good thing that some writers choose to go their own way but for me the end was upsetting.I guess that, in and of itself is a reason to read the book!
Will keep the reader guessing to the end.  Hard to decide whom to dislike more, Nick, Amy, the parents, the police, or the press.
I gave this only 3 stars because I never could really like the characters. The story, however, was compelling. I liked the way the chapters were laid out, one from Nick's point of view and the next from Amy's.
Unusuall characterisation in that its difficult to really feel for the main characters but is a very good read all the same.
Well written but the two main characters are so unlikeable that it is hard to care what happens to them.  There are some unusual twists that are not believable and I had to force myself to finish it. Such unlovely weirdos.I downloaded this book on my Kindle.
I just didn't like how this story was written. Not only was it an insult to missing people and their families, it was all over the place and difficult to concentrate on. Personally, not my cup of tea.
This book seems to present the age old question of &#34;did the husband do it, or didn't he?&#34;  And even at that, it unfolds in a very readable and creative way by going back and forth from present day to chapters from the wife's diary.  BUT WAIT!!!  About 50% into the book, the reader realizes that this is not the question at all!  At this point you will turn the pages faster than you can process the information.  Creepy.
This ending really makes you think about fate, escapism, getting caught in a rut, responsibility, loyalty and utter frustration, not necessarily in that order.  It is the kind of story that could happen to anyone.
This book was really easy to read and a page turner. I read it for a book club and the book made for great conversation.
It doesn't take long to get drawn into this book. There is much to reflect on in regards to relationships....marriage....public perception...
Is it possible to find a crime story hilarious? Yes, it is! This novel gets inside the mind of a couple, what they really think of each other, and the result is surprising and funny... sometimes very scary! Great writing, not a dull moment for the reader.
As you read you question and go over the clues in your mind and try and predict the outcome.  The questions are:  Is anyone as they seem to be?  As innocent or as guilty?  Is anyone likeable or without an agenda?  A clever story of love and hate.
This was a really good book and basic look at when the mind goes.  It touches the heart practically and simply.
It just wasn't that interesting for me.  We all have different tastes!  Too many great books to read to waste on this.
This was an extremely emotional read.Was able to figure out some of itOutcome was a surprise to me.
loved this book hated the ending !!!! I think there will be a second one and hopefuly we will all get the ending we are hoping for !!!!
Much e-ink has been splashed over this novel, particularly its ending.  So I won't go into specifics.  Although I will get to my view of the closure in a moment.  It is obvious that Flynn is a skillful, talented author.  At some point, I even thought: borderline genius.  She seemed to confirm what I predicted and shared with some friends some time ago, that if these were not literary ages, if literature was defunct, it would end up being reborn into genre fiction.  And for a while, that's exactly what happens in Gone Girl.  Flynn takes this psychological thriller to an all new level; she elevates it.  Realizing this, the reading experience becomes exhilarating.  Flynn blends strength and subtlety, introduces analysis to this page turner.  She takes the reader to the travel of the mind.  Inviting us into the narcissism, the anger, the insecurities of characters is what this author does to perfection; it is a mirror--our painful mirror--after all.Intrinsic to this drama is the issue of identity.  Who defines someone?  Is the evildoer fundamentally a victim? Can one recover one's own nature?  Does pure, true identity really exist?  Those are philosophical questions that this book incites to pose.  Those are questions that could have transcended this genre novel into literature.Coulda. Shoulda.  Didn't in the end.  Precisely because of the end.  If I were to compare it to a structure, I would choose a spiraling staircase.  It lands here; no, it lands there; wait, there are  more twists and turns.  In itself, it looks sophisticated.  But compared to the rest of the novel, the structure is not as solid.  The descent also corresponds to the abandonment of literature.  While I enjoy being taken to a creative voyage, I don't like being played.  It is a dirty game that few authors use on their readers.  In fact, this is a feeling I have never experienced with a book until I read the end of Gone Girl.  From Jane Austen to Zola to Toni Morrison many authors have depicted cynicism and evil, never disrespecting their reader or literature.  Unfortunately, by abandoning her elan as well as intellectual honesty, I feel that Flynn has done both.  For such a talent, what a pity!
I thought this story was going to be a classic &#34;domestic dispute gone horribly&#34; but it really surprised me.  I was not very happy with the ending but I accepted it.This was the first book I read by this author and it left me wanting more so I've read her other 2 books (and enjoyed them).
Gone Girl -----  Started slow and really picked up --- a lot of suspense ----  the last half left me wondering what is going on.  The suspense kept changing.  Amy was portrayed as very strange and she got stranger.  Not too happy about the ending.  Kept me wanting to keep on reading.
I'm not finished with the book yet, but I can hardly put it down. This story has had so many unanticipated twists. It's a fun read.
I've been had. By a book.Gillian Flynn has done her job well. You can tell that she set out to not give us characters to like or root for, but to present to us a study of a complex and ultimately deeply damaged couple, Nick and Amy Dunne.For the first quarter of the book, I HATED Nick Dunne. There was little for me to relate or hold on to in the first place, as I've never suffered an unhappy marriage, but on top of that I actively hated Nick. Then, the twists and turns start and I just didn't know who to hate anymore.The first quarter of the book is also slow. Yes, you have the big mystery present from the onset, but it doesn't actually start feeling like a mystery until way too far into the book. I was curious because I wanted to know what happened, but for the first 35% of the book, the author wasn't doing an amazing job of stringing that curiosity along.Once the thrills and spills start, I can't say that I ever once saw anything coming. Mostly because at that point, my emotions, mostly hatred and annoyance towards the main characters, were involved. I wasn't trying to guess what came next, I JUST NEEDED TO KNOW.One of the reasons I'm wavering on the rating is because I felt manipulated. Yes, authors do play on the emotions of their readers, but I just feel like the very best ones do so effortlessly. It's the old theater saying that to hear someone say, "that's a great actress" is not a very good compliment at all. You don't want the audience to feel like they are watching an actress; you want them to be lost in a character. I felt manipulated. I saw the strings. There were such big A-HA MISDIRECTION moments that it felt a little cheap in the grand scheme of things.But. Flynn made me care. She made me feel things. She made me want to know how it ended. And at the end, she made me care and feel things all over again. It's hard to rate a book with such unlikable characters. The taste that's left in my mouth is that dislike, but that doesn't mean the author's done a bad job, you know?If you are even remotely curious, I say go for it. If nothing else, reading this book will at least satisfy that curiosity.
It seems as if the author just got tired of writing. I liked it until the end. Clever story and well-written. She just didn't pull the trigger to end it.
Amazing twists & turns...a story of love and revenge.  Throughout the story, the reader is continually surprised at how the story unfolds.  I really enjoyed this book!
Hard to review this book with out giving something away and I don't want to spoil the fun for anyone. Just to say Gone Girl is a true psychological thriller, you will be guessing from page to page as to what happens next and most likely be wrong. I have recommended this book to everyone I talk about books and they all come back and say wow what a story. So if you need something to whisk you away for awhile I highly recommend.
I do not like the format or the characters. It flashes between the present and the wife's diary which is in the past. It is not exciting and did not keep me going.It does not flow well.
This is one of the best books I've read in a long time. The first 1/3rd, you think you know where it is going but surprise you do not. I took a chance on this book not knowing the author, but was pleasently surprised!
I wanted to read a new author and chose a best seller one.  I liked the book but sometimes it was slow moving.  Some authors get carried away with description and I dont care about the wind in the trees or the waves of the water just tell the story.  I felt it took too long to set it up.  When I was finished I still felt too much stuff that was not necessary to write.  Maybe I am too picky but it just seemed to drag in spots.
It took awhile to get into the book, but once I did, I had a hard time putting it down.  Quite a psychological thriller.  Reactions in my book club were mixed only because of the nature of the characters themselves and not the book per se.
I must preface my review by saying I am picky about the books I read, especially fiction. I am losing my eyesight and am trying to write my second memoir. However, people who know that I love pychological mysteries highly recomended this book. I thought it interesting but wordy; yet I stuck with it. Yes, I was shocked at the twists but also felt a bit deceived. C'mon, this is beyond the beyonds as Frank McCort of "Angela's Ashes" wrote. Yet, his "memoir" was a bit out there in facts yet satisfying and this one really beyond belief and not at all satisfying. I gave it two stars because it kept my attention, though at times I was like  ---c'mon say what you mean to say."  Yes, the end is terrible but what could have been a good ending to this fantasy? I must say it was a bit creepy and I liked that a bit. The writer is in love with words, her own and I wonder if she doesn't have a tad of Amazing Amy in her. That is not amazing
This book was a classic case of manipulation at all levels and though I did not like it when I finished, I have to say, it did move along quickly.
Our book club read this book last month and the opinion was split.  Some loved it and others hated it.  I was so upset at the ending, I wanted to destroy the book.  The characters are lunatics and so are the individuals that read it.
I have not reviewed a book in what feels like years and years.  However, I just completed `Gone Girl' last evening and already found myself, in a bookshop, recommending it to someone.This is an engrossing, well-written read with enough twists and turns to give one whiplash.I am not going to go over the plot, in detail, since so many reviewers have already done so.  Suffice it to say that a husband [Nick] is found to be a suspect in his wife's disappearance.  The reader meets the wife [Amy] through her diary entries.This is how I based my 5 star review:Prose:  This is written with care and clarity.  The characters are extremely well defined.  At times, the pacing of the prose is melodic.  There are certain passages that carry a specific beat, a tone, a rhythm of their own.Dialogue:  I enjoyed Ms. Flynn's flare for dialogue.  At times, it seemed crisp, and this is something I always like.Plot:  It does make one wonder just how much a person may believe he/she knows another person.  It may also reduce the rate of new marriages.  In many ways, this might be viewed as a `he said/she said' plotline.  A wife is missing, there are signs of a struggle, and the husband doesn't have an alibi.Dysfunction:  It brings a new meaning to dysfunctional relationships.  This not only applies to marriage relationships but to parent-child relationships."Gone Girl' provided great company, and this is often one of the things that I look for in a book.  It allowed me an escape, an almost `time out,' and I much appreciated this aspect of the book especially at this particular time.It would be dishonest of me if I didn't share that I thought this mystery/thriller to be, at times, great fun.
&#34;Amazing&#34; character studies, intricate mind-play, frightening personal discoveries, all wrapped around an intriguing story line. I am impressed. Firmly placed in my Top 10 of all time.
The review was originally posted at Library cat book blog.[...]Amy and Nick are celebrating the fifth anniversary of their marriage. Every year they play a game. Amy leaves traces and riddles, hints that lead to each subsequent trace. Each riddle is a reminder of the beautiful moments spent together. But this time, she's gone. Amy disappears. Without a trace, without a clue. While the police are looking for her, her husband is unexpectedly peaceful.Little by little, the real story comes out. What it was supposed to be a perfect marriage in general, wasn't perfect at all. The husband had a mistress and the wife was not happy in the marriage.What actually happened?Did Nick kill his rich wife to get rid of her and keep her money?Did Amy find her marriage life boring and decided to leave?Is Amy kidnapped? In the past she had possessive boyfriend who followed her months after she terminated the relationship. In high school her friend was obsessed with her. Amy's parents were famous writers who created the famous children's series Amazing Amy. Lately, they lacked of money, and Amy had too much.Where is Amy?The story is told from two points of view: the one of Amy and the one of Nick. Two parallel stories, two views of five years of living together. After the story I was left speechless. "Is this possible?" How twisted can human mind be? It turns out that Amy is not Amazing Amy at all, and Nick is far from perfect husband. Nothing looks like as it seems.Now I can see why this book is a bestseller. The author goes deep into the human psyche, in twisted human mind. Nick and Amy, two characters who are perfectly fit, two opposites that are basically same. This story makes you wonder what is the limit of human's sick mind? Do we really know the people around us?This book left me speechless. I could not leave until I finished. I recommend to all who like psychological thrillers.
Book had lots of twists and turns.  Characters were difficult to define until later in the story. Liked the frame of reference of characters.
I enjoyed reading this book very much. Well written and interesting story. One of these books one want to keep reading to find out what happens.
I cheat when I read mysteries; I can't lie. I'm one of those "reads the last page" readers - which is tough in an age of digital books.  So I read reviews and looked up spoilers (of which there weren't any tell-alls that I found), but I knew that LOTS of people really hated the ending of this book.I was prepared for that.When I got to the end, I understood why people hated the ending, but I wasn't one of them, actually. I thought both characters are pretty are awful people, and I don't care for them AT ALL, but I really liked how Flynn worked it all in and pulled together an ending I didn't anticipate. I'm still thinking about it, which, for me, is a marker of a great book - when the characters stay with you for days/ weeks after you've read it, teasing apart the strands of the story to investigate the deeper underlying themes. For that reason, I gotta give it five stars: I'm still unravelling themes and motifs and realities from Gone Girl.
I enjoyed this book.  The violence is very graphic.  It is a dour little story.  The heroine is not likeable; the plot unusual; the writing satisfactory.  On reflection, I should have identified the murderer; it was all there.
This author is angry, and it shows in her writing of Gone Girl!  My husband and I stopped reading it early on.A very boring, and sad story.Marion & Dick Roever
this book grabs hold and won't let go.  Waiting for book two which is sure to appear.  What a story!,
Great book.  Very well written.  I love how the chapters go back and forth from one characters' perspective to the other.  Flynn is a fantastic novelist and Sharp Objects and Dark places are also must-read books.  I can't wait for another one from this author!
It took me 2 days to figure out if I like that book or not and on the end I decided to change my ratting from 3* to 5*. I really enjoy reading it and can ensure you that you can not predict how this story will end up.
A real page turner with many twists of plot.  Most improbable seems real.  I think it would make a good movie.
very creative and a quick read- enjoyed the story line and the fun twists and turns right up to the end of the book
This story bounced back and forth between journals of husband and wife as their marriage crumbles before our reading eyes.  The turns and twists of the plot are interesting and cleverly contrived.  However, the ending of the book was totally unfair to the reader because there is no clear cut conclusion.  In talking with other readers, no one is sure of the implied ending.  I supposed she killed him, therefore getting the last word as she said she did.  Or it could have meant something else.  Who really knows except the author?  It is a long book and time-consuming, but overall not worth the journey.
&#8220;Gone Girl&#8221; is a highly intelligent, psychologically insightful novel that illuminates any number of relevant contemporary issues while plotting an intriguing mystery, a classic whodunit with a brilliant twist.  Make no mistake about it: this is intelligent fiction, satisfactory as a good read, a mystery, a psychological thriller and a modern tour de force that addresses marriage, relationship, family, history, gender roles, child rearing, mental health, and unemployment.  Similarly, it suggests that pursuing perfection is a dubious and dangerous goal, resulting in psychological damage and possible harm to others and society.  This is a book for &#8220;soccer moms&#8221; the world over and for those who push their obliging children into colleges beyond their capability.  With all its psychological insight, this book provokes the question of what makes a good parent or a sorry one.  How far do parents go in establishing expectations for their children if they truly want their offspring to be happy?Amy Elliott is a privileged young woman of means when she meets Nick Dunne, a successful New York City journalist during the decline of magazine journalism.  A creator of questionnaires for various periodicals, Amy is not a serious journalist, but when she loses her job, she finds herself adrift in the familiar anxieties of marital life.  When Nick also loses his job, Amy reluctantly agrees to leave NYC and join him in his hometown, Carthage, Missouri, where she immediately finds fault with the town&#8217;s lack of culture and sophisticated people.  That she must live in a rented McMansion and turn over her trust fund to her husband and his sister to start a bar is further insult to the entitled woman she has become as a result of an enviable erstwhile social and professional life in the Big Apple.  Suddenly, the perfect Nick sprouts faults she never envisioned and when his dissatisfaction with her leads him astray, she becomes angry and vindictive, hatching a vengeful plot that rivals Hitchcock, only to be surprised by Nick&#8217;s mental acumen and the many and varied forces that combine to paralyze her aspirations.She is at once the woman scorned, the spoiled brat, the indulged wife, the wronged woman, the victim, and the avenging angel.  In short, Amy Elliott is an enigma, the afterthought of a society that values appearance over substance, image over character.  As the plot thickens, writer Gillian Flynn manages to depict a society that rushes to judgment, whose critical skills are lacking and whose goals are suspect.  She brilliantly portrays people adrift in a vortex much like that described by T.S. Eliot, where man&#8217;s choices are limited due to his own failures of will and where marriage and relationship serve more as traps to psychological growth and self-actualization than loneliness, singlehood or prison.  Marriage allows one to see into the other, to seek and find out the deepest yearnings and vile motives employed by the damaged to perpetuate their illusions of Self.  Marriage can be suffocating, limiting and lethal.Ironically, Nick&#8217;s life is about the search for Truth through the vehicle of journalism; Amy&#8217;s professional life consists of devising questionnaires to ferret out obstacles to successful relationships.  Yet, sadly, both Nick and Amy are clueless about what Truth entails and why it is so important in marriage.  Both fail to grasp why honesty matters, how it builds trust, rather than poisons it, and why trust is fundamental to psychological growth.  Since neither Nick nor Amy was able to trust their own parents to nurture their psychological growth, Flynn is emphasizing how important the parental bond is and how necessary it is for parents to put their children&#8217;s happiness before their own.  Nick, the son of a raging misogynist and enabling mother and cancer patient who cheerfully denies her condition and accepts her son&#8217;s refusal to face it, is unable to deal with female frailty.  Amy, borne of parents overly concerned with the idea of perfection and swallowed up in their own notions of propriety and success, never succeeds in the emotional growth necessary to embark on marriage or parenthood. Her parents have burdened their daughter with unrealistic expectations.  Thus, married and lacking role models for honesty in relationships, both Nick and Amy seek to outwit the other and to protect themselves from pain rather than live with the truth of themselves without varnish and without manipulation.  Theirs is a marriage doomed from the get-go, a sad commentary about the institution itself and one&#8217;s chances for marital happiness in go-go America.Nick admits early on that &#8220;I&#8217;m just as  bad&#8221; (as his father.)  &#8220;I can&#8217;t deal with angry or tearful women.&#8221;  Claims Nick, &#8220;I feel my father&#8217;s rage rise up in me in the ugliest way.&#8221;  He alludes to the policewomen investigating his wife&#8217;s disappearance in female pejorative terms.  Nick recalls his father as treating his mother &#8220;like an incompetent employee.&#8221;  His father never beat his mother, but &#8220;his pure inarticulate fury would fill the house for days, weeks at a time, making the air humid, hard to breathe, my father stalking around with his lower jaw jutting out.&#8221;  In the same way, Nick copes with his growing estrangement from his wife, resorting to clich&eacute;d reactions of the angry male.  Of his father, Nick further says, &#8221;I don&#8217;t think my father&#8217;s issue was with my mother in particular.  He just didn&#8217;t like women.  He thought they were stupid, inconsequential, irritating.&#8221;  One could argue that Nick reacted to Amy and his girlfriend, Andie, similarly; certainly he was not particularly considerate of either.  Comfortable and seemingly happy with his sister whom he regards more as male than female and who isn&#8217;t looking to marry as a result of her childhood with his dad, he lets down and is sometimes honest, but only sometimes.  More often he is silent and resolute, ignoring his wife&#8217;s calculated efforts to get him to talk, to explain, to reassure her.  He neglects to call Andie.  Silence is the last resort of the angry man.Amy&#8217;s parents, on the contrary, appear to be very communicative and openly affectionate, seemingly modeling the behavior of people for whom intimacy and happiness are evident.  Moreover, they appear outwardly considerate, asking repeatedly, how Nick feels, but they seem to take refuge in physical closeness, using it to offset anxiety rather than acknowledge the profound paradox of their relationship: how their daughter Amy has been the scapegoat of their unspoken truths, their wayward anxieties.  Her legacy is to be the &#8220;Amazing Amy&#8221; &#8211; perfect daughter, companion, wife, willfully striving, invincible.  She is not allowed to escape responsibility, to be less than a stellar student, daughter and wife, even if she is unemployed, depressed and anxious, even if she feels betrayed or forgotten, neglected.  She has been branded as exceptional since her parents first wrote the Amazing Amy series of children&#8217;s books that made their daughter a household name.How does one raised to be outwardly perfect internalize betrayal or neglect or failure?  How does one raised to accept a charmed life as her due react to such disappointment?  For Amy and for Nick, the undeniable reaction is anger disguised or rather never articulated.  For the truly damaged it means in Nick&#8217;s case retreating into himself and seeking another woman who will prop up his sagging ego and allow him to be the man he wants to be but who is unable to reconcile with himself in the face of fear and disappointment, repugnance.  For Amy the response is unequivocal machination guaranteed to hurt and destroy, to obliterate forever any sense of manhood Nick has acquired.  For Gillian Flynn marriage is the repository of unspoken malice as the battle of the sexes heats up at every turn, every lingering disappointment while the participants maintain an outward sense of calm and generosity.  Amy never sees herself as the narcissist she is but instead as the woman wronged by both parents and husband.  Her revenge is devastatingly toxic, borne of a malicious imagination and years of hurt.To take back his life, Nick responds with a diabolical vengeance as well.  As intelligent as she, he figures out the puzzle left in Amy&#8217;s wake and garners the assistance of his sister and a female cop.  As Nick points out, &#8220;The police weren&#8217;t going to find Amy unless someone wanted her found.&#8221;  Through clever detective work, Nick manages to silence Amy and thereby regain his manhood.  Through examining her past, as murky as the Mississippi River running through their town, Nick comes to realize the true Amy beneath the &#8220;Amazing Amy&#8221; faade.  He follows her &#8220;clues.&#8221;  He pursues the leads in her past to inflict his own harm, a cruel vengeance that defines his malevolence as much as her actions define hers.  What follows is an explosion of what Melville would call &#8220;intelligent malignity,&#8221; every bit as destructive as the white whale is to Captain Ahab.  &#8220;It takes one to know one,&#8221; Melville would have explained.  One intuits that the resulting marriage of two scarred humans such as Amy and Nick will breed evil that surpasses anything either have experienced to date.  Their child will be the &#8220;Rosemary&#8217;s baby&#8221; of today: pathological because he has been nurtured by narcissism and silenced by fear.  Meanwhile, society will not be able to fathom the unspeakable in the parents&#8217; behavior because it takes an uncanny knowledge to understand the grip of unadulterated malice.  &#8220;Gone Girl&#8221; is thus a cautionary tale about the toxic effects of emotional deprivation in childhood leading to psychopathology in adulthood.Nor does Flynn seem to suggest that only Amy and Nick are affected by the selfishness of their parents.  Thus are Margo, Nick&#8217;s sister, Desi Collins, Amy&#8217;s old boyfriend whose mother alternately indulges and neglects him, and Noelle Hawthorne, Amy&#8217;s neighbor whose multiple offspring suggest a neurotic leaning rather than a desire to nurture children, and publicity-seeking Shauna, who capitalizes on the tragedy in her town to bring attention to herself.  Surrounding the Elliotts are countless examples of a society in retreat from embracing the values that nurture and stabilize relationships.  It is because of this thematic emphasis that Flynn&#8217;s bestseller rises above the mystery genre.  On the surface it is a great mystery; on second glance it is a literary novel of psychological insight and a modern perspective: A sense of entitlement leads to its own brand of misery.  And anger is arguably the first expression of disappointment by the entitled.  As Nick notes early on in their stay in Missouri, &#8220;At this point in our marriage, I was so used to being angry with her, it felt almost enjoyable.&#8221;  He further notes, &#8220;It was a fairly awful reminder, the dearth of good memories we had since our move.&#8221;Yet Nick also realizes the larger ramifications of their estrangement.  He recognizes that their present situation is &#8220;the end of everything.&#8221;  It defines the stage, not only of their marriage, but of America in its downturned, egoistic, despairing phase: &#8220;We were literally experiencing the end of a way of life.  The recession had ended the mall.  Computers had ended the Blue Book plant.  Carthage had gone bust; its sister city Hannibal was losing ground to brighter, louder, cartoonier tourist spots.&#8221;  Moreover, &#8220;it was the end of my career, the end of hers, the end of my father, the end of my mom.  The end of Amy.&#8221;  In this observation of his reality, Nick admits the nature of their doomed relationship as well as the despair inherent in Missouri as small town America is eclipsed by larger, more economically viable centers such as NYC, cities that no longer cling to the traditional American values that originally spawned their success.  These wise observations are the epitome of good satire but also wise acknowledgement of both situation and culture.  Now, the once famous local mall houses both the homeless and hoodlums, a tribute to its fallen nature, its hapless infrastructure.This is a witty, thoughtful and often hilarious novel.  The characters are well drawn and the plot is ingeniously crafted.  It has many facets; the language is graphic.  Most importantly, it has much to say about contemporary society and where it is pernicious for the young who are still impressionable and dependent on the wisdom of adults.  &#8220;Gone Girl&#8221; emphasizes how important role models are for psychological growth and the grim reality of modern children lacking them.  To Flynn, it would seem that the almighty dollar still holds sway where even journalism, symbolized by the notorious Ellen Abbott, is reduced to anger and voyeurism in the name of ratings.  Nick&#8217;s admission, &#8220;I was the ultimate hollow man&#8221; speaks volumes for what children grow up to be without firm, strong, honest parenting.  In turn, Amy looked to Nick to affirm what she wanted to be, but when she revealed herself to him, he grew to hate her.  &#8220;Can you imagine finally showing your true self to your spouse, your soul mate, and having him not like you?&#8221; whines Amy.  &#8220;So that&#8217;s how the hating began,&#8221; Amy laments.  What both Nick and Amy lacked their whole lives was trust.  And we all know trust is based on truth.  Flynn&#8217;s insight underlies the significance of pursuing personal truths, no matter the difficulty and the risk and then communicating that understanding by living the truth.  I enthusiastically recommend this intelligent book.Marjorie MeyerleColorado Writer of Fiction and Critical Reviews for Book Groups
I guess it was not what I expected.  Too glib.  Did not finish it.
Personally I enjoyed this read, it had a good pace and I enjoyed the dark personalities featured.You find yourself backing both protagonists at different parts of the adventure, but overall neither of the characters are particularly likable.The ending could have been a little more definitive, but I can understand the authors reasoning.
So, having written a thrillerThe Defectorthat got hammered (by some) for its ending, I now find myself in the same position. Gone Girl started brilliantly, and then 'jumped the shark'.I'm not going to rehash the plot, or spoil what's still a great book, but know this before you start it... your final enjoyment will depend on whether Gillian Flynn can keep you suspending disbelief to the last page - and sadly, for me she didn't.Judging by the reviews, others went with her and accepted Amy's er.. extravagant solution to a problem, and her and Nick's final stand-off - but I just didn't believe that Amy could do that, and that there wasn't another way out for Nick. Sorry.Now you'll have to read it to find out what the hell I'm talking about!
Oh My Goodness!  I could not put the book down.  Book was great. I hear it's gonna be made into a movie.
The book alternates between the voice of the husband and the wife. The challenge becomes weighing their version of events because neither has any reason to be fully forthcoming. What I found interesting though is less the book and how different readers bring their bias to the book. As I read it I quickly disliked the wife while being leery of the husband. My wife reading the same passages didn't trust the wife but found the husband very dislikable.It would be a very entertaining read for a book group with both men and women just for that difference.
This was my first Gillian Flynn novel and what a great read.  I loved the first person narrative with the husband and wife.  This type of writing is not done all that much and therefore I found it very interesting way of telling this two sided story. I will not go into the story-line, many other reviews have already done this so I will just rate the book on its elements (0 to 5 being highest):Protagonist Development: 5Antagonist Development: 5Minor Character Development: 5Storyline: 5Setting: 5Theme: 5Writing Style: 5Overall Rating: 5I do not give many books a Overall Rating of 5 so to me this is a must read!
It was an odd book with lots of twists which really held your attention. I got tired of reading the f word multiple times on each page.
The blurbs on the book jacket are all true. This is one of the smartest works of fiction I've ever read. [It lands somewhere between 'Chicklit' and 'Woman's fiction' in that it mocks both of them. It's more David Foster Wallace-ish.] It is funny, very funny, and sad, and mostly true. Gillian Flynn has pretty much figured out the man/woman marriage/happiness thingy. Add to that slick and witty commentary on American culture and the writer's paradox (how much `truth' to tell) and you've got "Gone Girl." But, fair warning: If you're happily married you might want to skip this one and just keep up the masquerade. (Note to Fylnn's husband: You've been warned.)
What a complete and utter waste of time.  The first 1/3 of this novel is "teenage girl silly".  The last 1/3 is beyond impossible.  I suppose it's a "girl book" but shame on any critic who alledges this to be a good read for any intelligent person.I read about 200 books a year and my friends tease me about what an easy critic I am.  It is extremely rare for me to be so disgusted.
This seller is a keeper!!  This is a book you can't put down and the description of 'very good' is no where high enough to describe the books perfect condition.
I am a reader who used to love mysteries but find myself bored with almost all of them now (same old...same old). "Gone Girl" was fresh and totally fun. This murder mystery did combine a who-dunnit with a fascinating relationship story. There are alternating narrators each chapter - Nick, the husband of the woman-gone-missing, and Amy, the missing wife. Amy's narration is done through diary entries written over the course of their relationship. There are so many details that made this unique for me. I liked that Amy's parents were famous for writing a series of kid books, Amazing Amy, based on an idealized version of their daughter. I like Nick's relationship with his twin sister. There are lots of things that made this novel fresh and fun. There are twists and turns as the novel turns blacker. One detail about the end did not sit right with me, but I won't be a spoiler and specify that. Overall, I have not enjoyed a mystery this much since the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo series
Okay, I hate book reviews with even a hint of a spoiler, or a whisper about what will happen in the story. Unfortunately, I read some reviews of GONE GIRL by Gillian Flynn that clued me into some of the plot mysteries. I won't do that.Let me first say this is a wonderful novel filled with plot complexity and wonderful characterizations of Nick and and Amy, husband and wife.The story unfolds with Amy gone, just disappeared like a vapor into thin air. The narrators are Amy and Nick. The first part of the novel as told through Nick's and Amy's eyes has alternating chapters told by each of them.In a sort of reverse sequencing, Amy's chapters focus on the past, when she and Nick met and describe the onset of the problems that beset their seemingly perfect marriage. Nick's chapters, on the other hand, begin on the day of Amy's disappearance and progress day by day as this nightmare unfolds.Slowly and inexorably, Amy's story melds with Nick's as their respective chapters move closer in time.Eventually, we get to part 2 describing what happens when the police get involved and slowly, the puzzle of Amy's disappearance begins to be solved. But that's only the beginning of the story.I won't tell you any more than that. I'll simply say the story is a chilling tale of duplicity and devilish manipulation. As a reader, you can't help but turn the pages to find out where it all ends up.Five out of five stars for a cleverly constructed tale and for hip, stylized storytelling. This is wonderful, contemporary fiction.Mark Rubinstein, Author, MAD DOG HOUSE (Thunder Lake Press, October 23, 2012)
Gillian Flynn's GONE GIRL is a most important novel about America; she makes you think back to Bellow, Updike, and Didion in their primes.Disguised ingeniously and maliciously as a suspense thriller about a "sociopath," GONE GIRL is the Profane Comedy of ever-more-mindless, wired-up America, no country for old (or young) loners in which being Original is a Sin and the already enormous, quickly growing Court Of Public Opinion, run by schlock media ever more expert at playing games primates play, is becoming the de facto law of the land. And even worse, the blaring herdspeak is becoming "reality." As to this Vanity Fair, there is no sanity there.After inevitable, sour disillusionment has set in once the hopeless dream of Flawless Romance has invariably gone bad, Flynn's "sociopath" concocts a perfect spousal crime in that perp's all-too-plausible quest to impose a penal continuation of ideal marriage according to Hollywood's endless succession of "light romantic comedies" and the rest of the relentless and business-profitable love-dream huckstering in all the other familiar venues. It's a journey into the ghastly. You might have a dark dream in which Bram Stoker rewrites "the Bickersons."Flynn is merciless in her disgust. Unspokenly, her savage, pitiless, resigned satire is an inspired riff on the Scott Peterson schlockfest of the previous decade, and like great jazz Flynn's story is immensely more insightful than, as well as different from, the original version. It becomes a Big Story.In Flynn's novel, the wife, Amy Elliott Dunne, disappears. Evidently she is pregnant. The husband, Nick Dunne, Must Have Done It; The Husband Is Always Guilty, isn't he? (Nick has a cleft in his chin: recall the old ditty, "Dimple on the chin, the Devil within"; the Devil has been "Old Nick" for centuries; "Dunne" = Done). Now in their thirties, both Nick and Amy have lost their writing jobs in the "futureland" of Manhattan after the Internet destroys the paper-publishing business in no more than a decade. Nick's sister, Go (Margo), also in Manhattan, has also lost her job, hers having been in the Financial Sector during the Great Recession. As the novel opens, the marital magic is long gone from the marriage of Nick and Amy as they live in a "bank-owned, recession-busted, price-reduced mansion" in a development of largely empty houses. Nick and Go run a tavern, The Bar, which they bought with the last of Amy's trust fund.The Perfect Crime in GONE GIRL is strictly contemporary. It entails a careful, complex scheme of entrapment of the other spouse sprung by attracting and masterfully manipulating the media to create a nationally devoured melodrama played out on millions of screens through superb, unerring novelistic stand-ins for the usual suspects--I can't help thinking here of Barbara Walters, Nancy Grace, Dateline, and on and on--in which that errant spouse becomes Guilty In The Court Of Public Opinion which in turn rouses the Homo sap primates en masse which in turn makes Local Law = Politics.GONE GIRL dramatizes not the "wisdom of crowds" but the stupidity of crowds.GONE GIRL is an enrapturing, dismaying and spot-on Comedy of Disgust, of Species Contempt, that is finally and necessarily a drama of self-loathing, the only possible escape being the Grand Cackle--sometimes enough to bring tears of laughter to your eyes--during Flynn's inspired satire and parody.Better yet, Flynn tells her story through her two major characters, the Dunnes, neither of whom is more than a little reliable, in a tour de force of modern verisimilitude; like such masters as Faulkner and Kurosawa in, respectively, LIGHT IN AUGUST and RASHOMON, the truth comes out through somewhat dubious or at least parochial and conflicting testimony and only with the active imagination of readers or viewers who must act as jurors of sorts, sifting and weighing the direct and implicit action of the novel as well as their own reactions, especially when the tale draws to a close and the comedy has become more bitter than sweet.Apropos: in GONE GIRL there finally seems not so much an ending as the reaching of an impasse in the Love Story, a dark State of Nature in the Gender Wars, the standing of "romance" on its head. Flynn couldn't be more up-to-date and prophetic in step with the primatologists of today who, along with others, are rather coldly reviewing human nature and "relationships." In short, natural selection is hardly the perfect engineer, is it?The backdrop of GONE GIRL is drop-dead on. Flynn's wired-up America of today captures much in the Grand Surround: the Great Public has been relentlessly primed for exploitation by a comparatively small sector comprised top-to-bottom of utterly callous media schlockmeisters and their parasites such as "celebrity defense attorneys" and "personality journalists," all of them empowered by the instantaneous ubiquity of TV and the Internet and trained by production types in turn trained by richly rewarded scientists and researchers who have demystified pop art by radically improving empirical understanding of how to manage Public Opinion: Potential concert pianists who became button pushers; no mere concert halls for them: All the world's a cage of super chimps with reliable reactions, a captive audience facing through the bars a stage upon which the schlocksters enact stupidly simpleminded dramas and then laugh all the way to the bank.The Ellen Abbott Show (might she be something of an amalgam of Nancy Grace and Greta Van Sustern?) begins the National Melodrama, attacking Nick, and the vast audience of super chimps jumps up and down through the instigated emotions: outrage, pity, anger, and so forth, but always within an instant of becoming converted groupies should the Guilty One Prove Innocent or Ask Forgiveness. Nick, condemned on all sides before entering any courtroom, hires celebrity lawyer Tanner Bolt. (Should you Google "Tanner Bolt," you'll discover that it is a company specializing in anchors, which Tanner certainly does, e.g., anchors like Grace and Walters. Flynn is perhaps the first true Googler as a novelist when it comes to helping you track down allusions, understand wordplays, and similar: for example, who is "Madeleine Elster" and why does Amy refer to herself by that name?)To say much more here would be to commit the spoiler sin. Besides, once you've found out whodunnit and wha'happened, you'll find Flynn's fierce satirical energy underscored and thoroughly satisfying. Indeed, a second reading is most rewarding.
When Gillian Flynn popped up on a super-serious Sunday morning talk show a week or two ago (a show mostly devoted to politics) and was heavily praised from a well-known veteran newsman, well, you know that a novel has gone into the special category of "ubiquitous." There are more than 4500 review on Amazon to date and the four-star and five-star ratings far outweigh all others.I'm only posting a few sentences as a cautionary note to any potential reader--mostly because "Gone Girl" requires a major investment in time.There are two main issues I have with "Gone Girl" and they both deal with the plot's plausibility. Sure, writers stretch storylines all the time.  Suspending disbelief is part of the fun of reading, correct?  So this just deals with my preference level, when I'm shaking head in wonder.  I suspended for a bit, then found myself free-falling and, ultimately, crashing hard.You can find plenty of spoiler-riddled plot descriptions elsewhere but the basic premise of "Gone Girl" is that a wife stages her own disappearance to look like a possible murder, to put her husband in deep jeopardy. He's not the prince you might think he is at the outset.The biggest leap you have to make toward the end of "Gone Girl" is that after all this work and trouble and months of constructing an intricate scenario and with everything working as she planned, that she would (spoiler alert!) return. What the...?  The scene that inspires her to return? A head-shaker.The second biggest leap you have to make is that in the middle of the book she is hiding out / hanging out at a motel and has several encounters with others at the facility--extended encounters--and doesn't get recognized, even though her "disappearance" and potential murder have reached the level of national news.  Yes, she's added a few pounds and let herself go, but, really? "Hard to swallow" doesn't begin to cover it."Gone Girl" didn't just jump the shark, for me, it jumped the whole ocean.  I was completely suckered into the plot at the beginning. At the outset of reading "Gone Girl," I told a few friends that it was good--so far.  I sailed right past my 100-page rule (when I would normally set something down if it doesn't appeal to me).  As I said, I was pulled in.And then the plot began blowing up.  In the end, the implausibility factor hit new levels of gawking disbelief. Read only if, well, you absolutely "must."
Contains some strong passages and, for the most part, plot moves cleverly. Technique of alternating first-person narrations works well. Contains many weaknesses, including the ridiculous ways that Amy handles money (not just irrationally, as most people do, but in several ridiculous ways).I did read to the very end, which I seldom do when a novel is full of weaknesses, and I very seldom read mysteries at all. This one kept me fascinated, except for the sputtering, langorous descent in the last dozens of pages. Feel free to stop reading any time after you turn the page to part three.Best true story: on the same day that I read most of GG, I saw Piper in Netflix's Orange is the New Black (episode 5, near the beginning) reading it! In the slammer!
Best book I've read in a while.  What twists and turns the author takes us on.  Well written page turner.
Admittedly, this if the first book by Gillian Flynn I have read. I will go back to read her previous two novels as well. She is a good craftsman, with a fast-paced, detail oriented and quirky writing style that is perfect for the suspensful plot. Nick Dunn and his wife Amy have had to give up their ideal yuppy life in NY to move back to his childhood home in a dying Missouri town to care for his dying parents, where he opens a bar with his twin sister. Infidelity, possible murder, and a very thoroughly planned revenge are developed in three sections of the book, told by his and her points of view.Brilliantly constructed, real, intriguing characters, and a break-neck pace does end without satisfaction we really hope for, as is pointed out by many reviewers, but Flynn is the writer, they are her characters, and if she wants it to end that way, so be it. It may not be how it would end in a slasher movie, but it does work when you think about it.
"Gone Girl" includes one of the best portraits of a psychopath I've seen since Patricia Highsmith gave literary birth to Tom Ripley. But the question is: Which of the characters in "Gone Girl" is the psychopath? One of the joys of this book is sorting through the first person narrative and diary entries to discern the true nature of each of the main characters. It's very subtly and compellingly done.Those who have read Highsmith's series about Tom Ripley will feel right at home here. For those who haven't, read "Gone Girl," then give Highsmith's novels a try. And finally, Gillian Flynn's other two novels, "Dark Places" and "Sharp Objects" are excellent as well. It's a joy to read about such twisted characters when it's so well done.
You will not be able to stop reading this one in order find out what is really going on. So so good.
This was my first introduction to Gillian Flynn and I am definitely going back to read her prior works. This novel was engrossing from start to finish and her characters are well-written and fully fleshed out. The antagonist is infuriating, as all good antagonists should be. Her protagonist could be infuriating as well, which tends to frustrate but keeps the reader engaged at the same time. Flynn's writing style has a fluid pacing and distinct voice, which are two hallmarks of an excellent storyteller--hope to see more from her soon.
I like the characters very much, but, like most mysteries, I forget them easily. The hard work of trying to surprise a reader within a very strict genre becomes too easy to spot.
On the day of Nick and Amy's fifth wedding anniversary Amy disappears. There are signs of a struggle in their house and no sign or sighting of Amy.While Nick calls the police as soon as he finds his house with the front door still open and his living-room turned upside down he doesn't appear as shocked or worried as you might expect. And he is lying to the police. Half way through the day of his wife's disappearance Nick says: "It was my fifth lie to the police. I was just starting."It isn't long before Nick becomes the main suspect in Amy's disappearance and his actions in the subsequent days do nothing to take that suspicion away. In fact, the longer Amy is gone the guiltier Nick appears to be.As in alternating chapters we are told Nick's story during the days following his wife's disappearance, in his own words, as well as the story of Amy and Nick's relationship through years worth of diary entries by Amy, the picture of a troubled and rather unbalanced relationship emerges. And as the police investigates, Nick is discovering things about his wife and her life that are completely new to him and as far as he is concerned, completely out of character for the Amy he knows. By the time the first part of the story ends Nick is up to his neck in trouble with hardly anybody on his side and an increasing number of clues pointing at his guilt.And that is all I can say about this story without spoiling it for other readers. Because this is a book in which nothing is what it seems. A story in which shock follows shock and the reader is constantly second guessing events and revelations.It is amazing how hard it is to write a positive review about a story in which I distinctly dislike both the main characters. Even though I know the book is exceptionally well written and the story is compelling and addictive in the same way a natural disaster can be, the descriptions and actions of Amy and Nick still make me want to slam the book. And that would be so unfair. Because this is an absolutely fascinating story. The tension is palatable, the undercurrents treacherous and it very soon becomes clear to the reader that nothing either Nick or Amy shares with them can be trusted.Yes, I did want to throw the book at the wall on several occasions and just stop reading it. As I've said in previous reviews, I have an issue with books in which I can't relate to any of the main characters (think The Corrections by Jonathan Frenzen) and tend to give up on them rather than struggle on. Giving up on this book was never an option though. I had to know what exactly was going on, what had happened to Amy and why. I couldn't stop reading until I found out how the story would end.Gillian Flynn is very good at grabbing her readers and keeping them hooked. Nick and Amy may not be sympathetic characters but they are fascinating in a scary sort of way. And Flynn is a very good writer. The sentences flow, the tension is built up at a steady pace and questions are introduced and answered at exactly the right time.This is a good thriller, although certain aspects of the book made it feel more like a horror story. This is a book for anyone who likes their stories well plotted, dark and memorable.
I have had this one on my wish list for awhile after hearing about it on a blog somewhere awhile back. As much as I wanted to read it I couldn't justify paying $12.99 for an ebook so I put myself on the waiting list at the library. I was number 57 on the list and while it took awhile to get, it wasn't as long as I thought it would be. Okay onto the book. For the first 40% or so I didn't understand what all the hype was about for this book. Don't get me wrong, it held my attention but it was a simple he said/she said story up until that point. When I got to the reveal however, my jaw literally dropped. Let me just say, Gillian Flynn has a twisted, warped mind for coming up with this story line and I will also say, I LOVE it. She skyrocketed to my top 3 authors list just my the twist I read right there. I knew I would love the rest of the book no matter where it took me.Semi-Spoiler Alert:I must say after being in my own messed up relationship I am not sure if I could have done what Amy did in this book, but it was brilliant. I am sort of jealous for never thinking of this myself. :) Even after the reveal, there was so much to learn. This is a pretty dark read and you are never sure where the next chess piece will land. Even though both Nick and Amy were unlikable characters in general, by the end, I almost liked both of them and could actually relate to them in messed up ways. I kind of worship Amy's (well, I guess really Gillian's) devious thought process. And Nick, well Nick is just a guy, however I do believe in that crazy, I love you to death mind-phase, maybe they are meant for each other. Needless to say, they will always be on their toes around each other.This book is one that will stay in you mind for some time after. I haven't quit thinking about it since the ending last night. I even started another one of Gillian's books as I was so impressed with her writing style and warped mind.
It was a good read with many &#34;ah ha&#34; moments. I like tidy endings.  This did not deliver.  Enjoyed it.
Was disappointed in this book.  Since it was on the best seller list for so long I was sure it would be good.  I did not find one character in the book I liked and the story line was a trifle unbelievable.  I did finish it because I thought it would have to end well.  Nope.
Book could have been five star if it had a clear ending. Great story material with a lot of suspense but it just fell flat in the ending chapter.
This book was masterful in its complexity and the welding together of one story from two main characters  - both unreliable narrators - with completely different points of view. I agree with readers who did not like the ending, but not because I found it "a cop out" or "unrealistic."  Rather, I did not like it because I found it logical, believable, and therefore, utterly, utterly creepy. Having read all three of her novels (Sharp Objects is still my favorite), my primary question is, What the heck kind of horrible childhood did Gillian Flynn have? :)
I seldom read contemporary thrillers, but "Gone Girl" intrigued me enough to give it a shot. I don't think it's destined to become a classic, and I understand why many readers didn't like it, but I enjoyed it.Middle-class midwestern boy Nick Dunne finds himself in way over his head with Amy Elliott, a New York City-bred trust-fund beauty four years his senior. Amy's fortune derives from a preachy tween-book series called "Amazing Amy" authored by her parents Rand and Marybeth Elliott.  Nick's a bright guy, but Amy is, as Nick would say, "f---- brilliant." A couple of years into their marriage, Nick and Amy lose their New York magazine writer jobs. Against Amy's will, they move from Brooklyn to Nick's small Missouri hometown on the banks of the Mississippi River. There Nick cares for his aging parents and uses the last of Amy's trust fund to invest in a bar with his twin sister Margo. Amy meanwhile has too much time on her hands and finds it hard to fit in with the locals.  Amy doesn't like Missouri, and Nick doesn't like living with the unbearably perfect, always fault-finding Amy. One Sunday morning, Amy disappears. What happened? I'm not going to tell you. You can read reviews with spoilers if you want to find out without reading the book for yourself.Author Gillian Flynn, a former "Entertainment Weekly" staff writer, is keenly attuned to pop culture and today's media culture. These qualities give her story an engaging immediacy and afford her numerous opportunities for satiric humor, but also may make "Gone Girl" seem dated a few years hence. She writes alternately in Nick and Amy's first-person voices. She evinces a good feel for what's inside her characters' heads and handles dialogue convincingly. She obviously had great fun setting up her plot, and she's fair to the reader. I always hate mysteries where the detective announces that, based on information that has been withheld from the reader, a gardener mentioned in passing on page 17 is the killer. (That's why I also liked Scott Turow's "Presumed Innocent"--when you reached the end, you could go back and say, "Oh, yeah, he gave us that piece of the puzzle.") She evokes the details of small-town life in the recession-ravaged Midwest nicely, and crafts her supporting cast with care. However, I sometimes tired of the hard-boiled tone. Overall, I would not rate it a stylistic masterpiece, but it's more than competent.You should not read "Gone Girl" if you can't enjoy a book that lacks a likable protagonist or a cleanly resolved ending, or that includes swear words and graphic sexual descriptions. None of these things bother me, so I enjoyed the smart plot and astute cultural commentary of "Gone Girl."
Gone Girl took me to some dark places.  Those clever and intricately woven tale stretches the imagination. Without giving away any plot, I can tell you that at different times you will despise the characters in this book.  You will also at times feel very sorry for them, and switch from favouring one to the other.  Trust me, read it and get taken for a ride..
I didn't care for this twisted tale but I had to see it through to the messed up ending. These characters actually depress you...every single one of them! From the main characters to the police officers and parents. They are all so colorless for one reason or another. The premiss of the storyline is exceptional so it's a shame that it couldn't have been used for more lovable (or at least believable) players. I'd love to read a tale that is woven from this fabric about people that you can care about...love them or hate them but not the indifference that this author invokes.
My feeling was this book was written to make money by using coarse vulagr language through out, by using explicit sex scenes, and totally unlikable characters.  I learned nothing from reading it,.  It was not enjoyable in any way.  There was no real &#34;plot twist&#34; and I lost both time spent reading it and money spent buying it.  When our club finished discussing this book,, I promptly threw it in the trash bin.  It was at home there!
This book held my interest, I couldn't wait to see what happened next.  Delves into the mystery of mental illness.
This book keeps you reading through out its entirety but sometimes I disliked either character.  I guess your supposed to feel that way. You never quite know what or who to believe but then that makes the story. It seemed more outrageous as the pages went by but it is a book one can't put down as you've got to know the ending. It's entertaining and that is worth something.
And wanted to beat the living crap out of both the main characters within a half hour of reading the book. By the end. Yes, I made it all the way thru somehow. I hated the characters even more. Hated the author. Wanted to send hate mail to those that gave it good reviews and wanted to disown the friends and family that suggested I read it.
This is the sort of book you have trouble leaving, no matter how urgent the demands of living your own life are.  While I spent a lot of my reading time thinking, "Noooo!", I expected it to come out all right in the end.  My eldest son would love the ending.  But I am dissatisfied that a vicious sociopath will be raising another human being.  I also want the Ozark ironic robbers back on the scene, Go and Boney happy that Amy is locked away or dead.  At the very least I want Go to have Nick' s book on a memory stick and all the stuff in Go's shed sold on EBay.  I know that life is not fair, but I like my fiction to be, at least a little.  That's probably one of the reasons this book is so good.  Of course it's well written but Flynn has the courage to leave the monster in place and the monster in Nick forever blackmailed into submission by the advent of a son.  Not every sociopath can have a Hitleresque blow out suicide, leaving his pet psychopaths flapping in the wind.  Amy is no Madeline, which should make many readers happy, but not me.
Unexpectedly enjoyed this! I didn't know it was a thriller when I picked it up. What a fun ride it was.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book and looking forward to the movie which was filmed partially in my home area of Southern Illinois. After reading it, I purchased Sharp Objects and Dark Places, which, to me, were pretty good reads but not as good as Gone Girl.
Two bad books in a week is two too many.  Just not a good book, in my opinion.....I have not gotten any real sense out of it yet, and frankly doubt I will finish it.
It took a little bit to get into the book but once I felt comfortable with it I was glad I had stuck with it to the end.  A very different endinging than I thought and am wondering if there is a follow on cause It feels like I am being kept hanging.I recommend it.
For a first novel, it's excellent, and kept me guessing, until I figured it out, which you have to pay attention in order to do. Building the character's, and than portraying them honestly added to the suspense. All in all, it's excellent, and I'd recommend it.
Interesting book which kept me engaged but there were some holes in the storyline which were disconcerting, so I kept my rating at 4 stars instead of 5. Frankly, the ending left me disguested at the main character, so perhaps it's a good read after all, as I was emotionally involved in the story. A quick read with interesting twists.
I only finished this book because I'd already paid for it. I kept reading so I could get to the end and even then was disappointed that I did.  I know this book has gotten a lot of good reviews but it just didn't click with me.
well written, and with the distraction of a poorly written novel gone, i could read without pause, and i did. The story was a mystery maze. At first i was disapointed. I feared another sweet love story, or sad tragic tale. But, the story, though exagerated, was one close to the truth about relationships. People present facades and accomodate the needs and desires of others. A psychological dance leads many into relationships and then out. Fasinating tale, intricate puzzle. I want to read more works by this author.
Found this book completely intriguing. Thoroughly enjoyed the plot which I found to be rather unusual but which absorbed me totally. Found the characters very interesting and quite complex. Would recommend it to people who enjoy suspense and intrigue.
This is a fantastic read and for anyone that's likes suspense thrillers with plenty of twists this is the book for you. It is written in a different style with flash backs from the primary characters that will leave you guessing until the very end. A great read
Flynn is a brilliant strategist and creator of character and "felt life." This is a book you can't put down. The only problem is that, despite the exhilaration of enjoying Flynn's incredible talent and, of course, wondering what's going to happen next, the substance of the plot is terribly depressing--not exactly the kind of experience I want to have indulging in my love of reading.
I recently read &#8220;Reconstructing Amelia&#8221; (which I liked, despite some flaws), and many reviewers compared it to &#8220;Gone Girl&#8221;, which I had not read, so I decided to do so. My view of &#8220;Gone Girl&#8221; is somewhere in the middle of those who have reviewed it. On one hand, I don&#8217;t believe those who state that if you didn't love this book, you somehow don&#8217;t &#8220;get it&#8221;. The book was very well written (I also liked that both Amy and Nick were writers, and when the author used phrases like &#8220;Amy and me&#8221; as an object, she pointed out a couple times that it was, in fact, correct English) and mostly well constructed, and I have few complaints there. I strongly disagree with the reviewer who stated that there is a little bit of each of us and our friends in both of the characters. I found both Amy and Nick to be caricatures, not real people &#8211; this is, after all, fiction, not reality. Yes, there were some truisms about the difficulties of marriage and relationships, but Amy in particular was so extreme, that any resemblance to reality was negated. Nick was a jerk who had definite issues with women in general and Amy in particular, but he wasn't over the top. Amy was just a flat-out sociopath, with few redeeming qualities. Neither was particularly likable.I agree with the people who disliked the ending [minor spoiler alert]. There really wasn't any resolution (other than maybe that people get the lives they deserve), and certainly no sense that justice was ever served. My ideal ending would have had Amy exposed and committed to an institution for the criminally insane. The ending instead reminded me of &#8220;The Good Earth&#8221; where Wang Lung&#8217;s sons smiled behind his back, and you knew they were going to sell their father&#8217;s land in a final betrayal. Like Wang Lung&#8217;s sons, Amy figuratively stood behind her husband smiling, because she knew that her wishes would triumph in the end. Nick&#8217;s dreams of starting anew would be thwarted because Amy knew him so well that she correctly anticipated how he would react to the final step of her master plan.[Spoiler alert] To me, the plot started to unravel once Amy had her money stolen, and it went downhill from there. Until that point, it all worked very well. Overall, I&#8217;m giving the book three stars, mostly because of the excellent writing, but I wouldn't recommend it unless you are prepared to be disappointed.
Gillian Flynn is definitively a breath of fresh air. Even though I am not totally satisfied with the ending, I have given it five stars because of her likeable lingo, her great storybuilding and highly believable characters (sic! - you need to read to the book to understand that reference...).
I chose this book because it has been on the best seller list for weeks and weeks. &#34;Gone Girl&#34; is an amazing work of imagination, a book  beautifully written, with an urgency to it that carried me away. I read as fast as I could, reading late into the night, waking up and wanting to read again. Now I intend to read more of Gillian Flynn.
Chilling exploration of a married coupled relationship and individual identities . Gave a new meaning to codependency . I can not get the haunting images out of my mind. I will read Gillian Flynn's two previous books.
Gone Girl was a little too cheesy.  Too much fantasy.  vocabulary and structure were good.  The female lead was unbelievable, other characters were more recognizable.
Interesting premise for a novel.  The title readies you for a murder mystery and then things become more complicated.  The reader wants to believe in the husband's innocence but through the use of the wife's diary the reader is conflicted.  As the story unfolds the mystery is,made deeper through the description of the husband's Missouri home town and the hard times it has fallen on.  The denouement is interesting and surprising.
I, who like mysteries and action novels, found this a tedious story, not my style.  At least the surprise ending was good. Enough said.
I was bored in the beginning but I was curious to see what was ahead. Got a little more interesting as I read on. But still I would not rate this a 5 star , maybe a 3. Was disappointed in the ending.
This book had me on the edge of my seat the entire time. I want read Flynn's other books too.
Interesting, different, not truly memorable.Three stars.At the end of the day I didn't really like it. So there!
I did like this book, it had an interesting story line of boy meets and marrys girl, marriage gets stale, kidnapping, murder, intrigue...all the good stuff.  BUT, the ending was a disappointing one in my mind which is why I am only giving it 3 stars.
Great mystery with an incredible twist!  This story is a page turner and will keep you guessing as to &#34;who did it&#34;.
It was a great book!  I really enjoyed it.I would recommend it to others.  It was enjoyable and it was apart of our book club reading.
I really enjoyed this book. Coming from two perspectives (Nick Dunne and his wife Amy)the story keeps the reader hating one and then the other, back and forth, so your head is spinning as the author takes you down a slippery slope of betrayal, scheming, and just plain psychopathic behavior. Many people I discussed the book with disliked the ending, but I actually thought it was perfect! Like so many of the great stories of all time the author merely suggests a conclusion that leaves you (disappointed? stunned? dumbfounded?) whirling the implications around in your head.
I first gave up on reading this book because I just didn't like it.  But then I continue to see it on the best seller list and I thought maybe I had made a mistake.  So the second time I stuck with it until the end - and same answer:  I just didn't like it.
It was one of those books &#34;hard to put down&#34;...intriguingly constructed, kept me guessing, kept me involved deeply in the characters. A  fun read, though utterly disturbing!
I did not en joy this book. It was very graphic with total foul language thoughout! There did not seem to be much of a plot. I would not recommend this book!
The author must have had an amazing time weaving the plot. So many threads introduced,spun and cut, in order to wriggle us into a story with,frankly,horrible people. She gives a stark exhibition of the state of play in relationships. On many levels, she is right on the button but there are no redeeming characters.One thing is certain, no one  could have foreseen the various twists and turns. No one could have guessed the motives.Not to be read if you are feeling down in the dumps, but worth pursuing to the end.
I'm a professional story analyst, so it's a little tough to pull off a plot twist on me -- I typically see 'em coming pages in advance. I love a book that surprises me with a turn I didn't anticipate, and this is one of those. I really enjoyed the novel and had trouble putting it down before I was done with it. However, I was disappointed with the ending; it left me unsatisfied and unresolved. Maybe I was just sad it was over. I would still recommend the book - good characterizations, strong plotting, suspense, and shrewd insights into marriage and relationships.
I didn't care for this book.  A little too raunchy for me in the conduct of the characters to me.  Although it was suspenseful at times
A real pleasure to read the words as strung together by the author to describe the events and shape the characters. The plot twists would come at you without warning and catch you off guard and make you rethink much of what you had already digested. All of the minor characters were really well defined and believable and they gave the story lots of extra punch.
This was a very gripping book.  The author's ingenious way of capturing and portraying mental illness was phenomenal.  I couldn't put it down.  I didn't particularly enjoy the ending but not all books end on a happy note, and this is particularly true when dealing with disturbed characters.
I really liked the book but didn't care for the ending.  Would still recommend the book though.  My favorite from this author was Dark Places.
i really like Gillian Flynn's writing style.  it's quick, easy and descriptive.  i feel like there are many more stories to come from this author.gone girl was great!  a little taken back by the ending as it's not what i expected, but still would definitely recommend.  it's not a predictable book as just when you think you know what's going to happen....boom....it's not.i have since purchased and started reading her other books too.
i thought the beginning was very poorly written.  The story was strange, I got bored with it and fed up with the characters.
And by an iffy start I mean, I was a little unsure about how well written it was going to be, but I reflect afterward on how the writer used this as well as many other means to draw the reader into the story. Not that they were needed as what a story it is - a roller-coaster of twist and turns and suspected truths and lies. A fabulous read and I know it will be a very talked about book and cast of characters at our next book club.
After receiving a few recommendations for this book and having read much hype, I dove into the book. I stopped reading about a hundred pages in, the first time. Found it boring and predictable after the first few chapters. Picked it up again, later, to give it another try. This time, I read it all through. I do not spend my time with people who are endlessly narcissistic, manipulative, and whiny, and it was no fun spending time with these characters. I had hoped that I was wrong on my initial reading of the novel, but the second reading reinforced my opinion. For me, the characters and situations seemed contrived, and there was absolutely no transcendence. Many readers loved this book, but it did not work for me.
I didn't expect to enjoy &#34;Gone Girl&#34; as much as I did. I was immediately engaged, and even though some of the twists were a little predictable, they were more of a &#34;aha, I knew it!&#34; variety rather than &#34;well, you could see that coming.&#34; Characters are well developed, and I had a hard time shutting my kindle down at bed-time.
I love murder mysteries, and this one kept me turning the pages.  Definitely recommend this book to anyone who read Nancy Drew as a kid!
Having been on the best sellers list so long, I expected a better storyline.
Brilliant. Amazing. You will think you have it figured out and then you are screaming aloud, "No!! No!!" Trust me. You will NOT predict the ending. And I DID finish this screaming obscenities!!! Well done, Gillian Flynn.
This story keeps you on the edge of your seat. Very well written and has you guessing throughout the entire book. Ends with a dilemma.
the first part of the book was suspenseful and the characters were both flawed as evidenced by the ending both sociopaths
Waited 2 months on a waiting list at my local library. A huge disappointment. It is sick and twisted all around. How can anyone think the end justifies the means. Am I being naive to think that wanting something, Amy and his baby, would allow justifying evil. I feel as if I wasted 415 pages. This book actually left me nauseous.
I liked the book, I don't know that I will read another book by this author.  Maybe rereading it would help me to like it better.  It is not a book I would necessarily recommend to others.
This book came well advertised, said this would hold my attention.  Was very disappointed in the book and lost interest
I had such conflicting emotions and loyalties reading this book. I am trying to figure out the best way to word this review without giving anything away. I loved the mystery and the way the author had you think. You knew what was going on, only to find out you didn't. This book really makes you think. Yes I know I'm repeating myself.It's not a beach read where you can set the book aside, go splash around in the ocean and then pick it back up. You want to finish it, now. I almost gave this a four star because of the ending. Then I thought no, when I really thought about the two characters and the history of their personalities and conflict, the author really couldn't end it any other way. Or either Amy or Nick would have been out of character. I know that doesn't make sense, and maybe after you read it, it still won't. But for me, though I was disappointed in the ending, I loved this book and it really couldn't end the way I wanted it to.
In the beginning the storyline was intriguing but as the book progressed the plot became lost and flat.  I would not recommend it.
I think the writing Is very captivating.  I never lost interest in the book although some things didn't ring quite true to me.  I was taking sides as I read each of Amy's and Nick's accounts of things.  I was dissatisfied with the ending because I couldn't believe that Nick would accept how he had to live the rest of his life.  And I couldn't believe he would accept a murderer.
This book is fun because the reader is on an emotional roller coaster of loving then hating the characters. All of them. It was very good reading.
tough read at the beginning but then picked up about middle of book with surprising ending
Well...this book kept me engaged & interested right up to the last page.  What a ride!  Have you ever known a master-manipulator?  I have, but the character of Amy has manipulation perfected beyond anything you can imagine.  Her husband Nick also learns this skill as the story progresses.  Yes, the ending left me going: "what?" -  I couldn't believe that it ended when it did.  I kept looking for another page after the last one!  Clever writing, twists & turns, you will never guess the ending.
I was absolutely stunned by the plot twists in this book;  never saw 'em coming. Truly original.  Great writing, too.
Loved her first two books and now I love Gone Girl also. cleverly written...you get hooked from the beginning and the twists and turns thoughout the book are spellbinding. A must read!
Reminded me of a 48 hour story. I would think I would know where it was going and then it would take a new twist in the story. Interesting characters.
So I spent a day reading this book - I couldn't put it down - and at the end, felt as if I'd wasted a day.The author pulls you in with a funny, nuanced and believable story of a marriage. It works on two levels -- it's a mystery, but it's also an allegory about the power struggle that virtually every marriage inevitably involves, even in good marriages that work.But the ending is completely preposterous. And even if you read that as a marital allegory, then it's a pretty bleak and un-nuanced interpretation.
Really awesome.  Twists and turns throughout.  Usually, I can figure out how a book is likely to end - but not this one.  I was very surprised at the ending.  Author developed the characters super good; I felt like I was inside of both major character's heads and they were VERY different. Wait, also  very alike.  Sounds contradictory?  Read the book and I think you'll know what I mean.  I plan to read all her other books now!
I knew the premise of the book before I started reading however i was wonderfully surprised at the twist the book takes in the middle. I couldn't put it down, I just had to keep reading to find out what happens! Can't wait for the film now
This is one of the most intriguing books I've read.  You will feel many different emotions as you turn the pages and begin to wonder who the characters really are.  In a nutshell, you should read this book!
I did read the book to the end but it wasn't one that grabbed me as it seems to have done to so many of my friends. It was just okay.
This book kept me guessing throughout. I loved trying to figure it out. The ending was not what I expected, but that was OK too. A total surprise. As long as the characters stay in character and don't pull a 180 degree turn and become a total new version of themselves. Unless that IS part of their character! If you like a good gut-wrenching, hair-pulling who-done-it, This is your book!
The only reason I didn't give this five stars is that I predicted the outcome, as outrageous as it is, fairly early on. Despite the prediction, I thoroughly enjoyed the ride, enjoyed the fullness of the characters and the frustrating dilemma the situation posed. If you've ever been in a relationship where you weren't totally yourself, where you tried to be the person your partner wanted you to be, then there are parts of this story that may be wickedly familiar, and that's the best part about the read. Makes me want to find other Flynn novels and read away.
There aren't many books I can't put down but this is one of them. Seriously shocking, entertaining, crazy and twisted. The description doesn't do it justice but I guess they can't have any spoilers either.
Lots of suspense, great plot and character development.....excellent writing. Second half, definitely kicks into gear. I agree with many, that the ending was disappointing. The author gets the reader all revved up for a dramatic ending and then blah! However, I feel it was within the author's purview to make this choice and I am grateful for the good read. It was definitely an amazing and crazy ride. Beware of graphic foul language if that offends you. Great book club read!
Hard to put down.  Lots of twists and turns.  The storyline is chilling. It's a wild ride.Not for the faint at heart.
I couldn't put down "Gone Girl" by Gillian Flynn! I didn't know anything about the plot, I chose it based on the fact that I'd enjoyed her previous novels but this one really leaps to the top - her best ever. I predict that there will be a lot of conversational buzz brought on by the controversial themes and plot of this novel. I can't wait to participate in the discussion and hear other reader's take on it.But for now I'm going to be very careful in this review not to even HINT at any of the many twists and turns and secrets that are revealed in the course of this gripping novel. Many people don't mind being "spoiled" by a book or movie review but I do, so I'm going to concentrate on what I really liked about this character-study and how deftly Flynn reveals these people to us without revealing the plot. If you feel I've led you astray after you read the book you can come back here and tell me I was wrong in the comments. Fair enough?I found this story, so well told from alternating the perspectives of Nick and Amy, a young married couple, to be a powerful and thought-provoking message about marriage in general and women's lives specifically. Flynn is unstinting in her portrait of a marriage between two people who are fundamentally flawed in exactly the way to be toxic to each other. Each of their perspectives is a harsh character study that can be broadened to cover men and women that we know, that we ARE. There are some very uncomfortable truths spoken here.A particularly gripping passage ruthlessly describes how often women pretend to be a certain "type" to attract a man, betraying our "real selves" (which eventually and inevitable emerge).  Flynn's character says she accomplishes this adaptation to being a "Cool Girl" by not thinking past the first step of anything. Just have fun! Don't think about the calories in that beer he enjoys seeing you guzzle, don't think about the misogyny in the movie he wanted to see, don't wonder about the future!  Who can't relate to a time we tried to change our true self to be attractive to someone else?Flynn, through her characters, also explores the different life-experiences that beautiful women have from plain ones, and how the mere act of aging makes women gradually become invisible and marginalized. Again, uncomfortable truths that are nevertheless relatable. She shines a harsh light on current culture, talking about daytime television commercials alternating between cleaning and feminine hygiene products which, she avers, somehow suggests that women's main activities are to "clean and bleed". A unique perspective. There is even a character who is the spitting image of Nancy Grace.Now, I can hear in my head the feminist criticism this novel opens itself up for, but I can't discuss any of it without giving away a plot twist that I enjoyed being surprised by. So we'll have to hash those arguments out in the comment section, too.I will say that, in my opinion, Nick's character isn't as deep or fleshed out as skillfully as Amy's. It could be because Flynn is a female, but I think it's more likely because Nick is intended to represent a lot of guys.( I didn't say EVERY GUY!) But he does represent a large number of men with similar attitudes and characteristics.  We all know a lot of Nicks, but we probably know only one Amy.In short, the novel explores the hurt we humans can inflict on each other and on ourselves, either in direct harm or from the bad choices we make after being hurt. There are some Very Bad Choices made in this novel and I'm somewhat chagrined to say that even as I was abhorred by some of them, at the same time I understood the motivation, and maybe got a little guilty pleasure out of the fantasy. I'll blame Gillian Flynn's skillful writing for catching me up in the Nick and Amy dance so thoroughly. I didn't want this story to end at the same time I couldn't wait to find out how it ended!
This book held my interest throughout. There are well developed characters and an added device, for interest, is the changing point of view. Without giving away the plot I will say there are several unexpected twists. This writer is skilled in character development and I will be looking for other works of hers.
I really wanted to like this book.  I didn't.****  SPOILER ALERT ******The first half was ok, but as soon as I found out what was really going on I stopped caring.  I just kept shaking my head at all of the preparations that had to go exactly according to plan. Too unbelievable.  Especially after the one thing that did not go as planned happened.  Because after that, Plan B is thought up on the run and then that goes exactly perfectly also!!****** A BIG SPOILER ALERT RE:THE ENDING *******The ending is terrible.  It's one thing to leave us with a screwed up couple, but don't give them an innocent baby for us to worry about!!  Not amusing.
Great beginning, but sort of convoluted I the end. It was the first book I have read by this author & I am sure I will read more of her work.
I loved it!  Gone Girl wasn't as dark as Gillian Flynn's other novels but it was even better written and so much fun to read!  In a wierd, twisted way, it's the best description of how to make a marriage work that I've ever read; Be the spouse I want or I'll make your life hell!
This is a book that is hard to put down...you have to see where you are being led next and who will finally come out the victor.
Am reading this right now and am almost finished. This book is written in a different style. Some may like this: I did. It is a mystery that creeps up on you. It is also about marital problems and marital bliss. Worth reading. Great characters.
Suspense, disbelief, plot twists, character development, great dialogue. This book has it all. I highly recommend this to any serious reader.
I had been recommended this book & was a bit disappointed.  I know it has been popular, been I just felt this dragged on & on.I didn't have much compassion for any of these characters.
The book was a puzzle, a wonderfully constructed puzzle and I was caught in its web. I came to understand both main characters deeply and well, but the ending put me off. Cold blooded murder can be overlooked because your emotionally sick and controlling lover makes you a better man? I could not handle the ending. How about being a fuller person without forgiving a cold blooded murderer who may kill the child she's carrying as well.
I just finished reading this on my kindleFire. I had a very hard time putting it down. Was a very good book, though I was a bit dispointed in the ending. I am wondering if there will be a sequel?
Friends had told me to read this novel and I delayed in ordering it, thinking for whatever strange reason I might not enjoy it.  This is a can't put it down book.  Amazing read.  Very entertaining!
What a good book.Several people read this at the library and wanted to read more of her books.Ordering more of her books.
I usually try to figure out the ending of the story as I read along but this story has so many twists and turns I did not figure out the ending of the story until I reached the end.  I have recommended this book to others.  I receved the book in a timely fashion and in the condition promised.  I would recommend this seller.
The book was excellent except for the end which sucked. Otherwise it was a fast read and I enjoyed it. Just really disappointed in the conclusion.
I probably didn't like this book as much as many did simply because I just didn't like the people.  Both Nick and Amy Donne are about as self absorbed as you can get.  However, the twists and turns in this book are amazing and will definitely keep you guessing as to what is the real truth.  The alternate chapters told by Nick and by Amy add to the suspense and the contradictions.  I won't review the plot, but will share my own personal thoughts on the book.  The language in the book does seems to approach junior high "let's see how many times we can say 'f***'"  {I've taught junior high so am not offended, just bored with that word}.  The characters are all very cynical, but that's probably necessary; what other kind of people kill others, pretend to kill themselves, or whatever.  As a Missourian, I did think the setting was very well drawn and on target.  Finally, it's a good suspenseful read; nothing more, nothing less.
Could not put down.  Surprising twists throughout.  Not sure which character more devious.  Don't want to say much and spoil the surprises!
This book was very well written. The author kept you on your toes throughout! It had very unusual twists. I particularly liked the end. It definitely was a different take on the psychological novel!!
This review may contain spoilers.  Read at your own riskGone Girl, the excellent novel by Gillian Flynn expands the seemingly rigid boundaries of the thriller/mystery genres.  The author has crafted an intriguing thriller by courageously venturing far away from the typical characters and plot lines often seen in bestsellers.  Although the chances that the author takes don&#8217;t always pay off, the ones that do make the story a noteworthy read.  The structure of the book is unusual with the POV of the narrative shifting between the male (Nick) and female (Amy) protagonists during alternating chapters.  The characters within the novel are surprisingly well developed.  Their back stories are interesting and seem true to life.  The half urban/half rural setting of the book works well because the story is actually two.  The first half of the book shows Amy as a sympathetic character who is earnest and desperate to repair her damaged marriage.  But with one of the biggest plot twists since The Crying Game, the reader comes to learn she is really a controlling, vengeful psychopath.  While Nick appears to be a likable and charming at the beginning, he is shown over the course of time to be an emotionally immature man of low moral character.  Completely outclassed by his wife's intellect and sinister nature, he falls prey to her devious, premeditated mind games and manipulation.  While these huge character changes at first appear impossible for the author to credibly pull off, Ms. Flynn manages to do so with finesse.  Amazing Amy has not only manipulated her self-absorbed, trusting, henpecked husband but the reader as well.  It is hard to watch Nick suffer despite his numerous character flaws.  The shift in character traits is jarring at first, but quickly becomes the new norm due to the skill of the author.  The quiet, ambivalent ending is terrific, in that it avoids the revenge-fueled, good over-coming evil climaxes of many movies.  (I heard a rumor they are rewriting the ending for the movie version of the book &#8211; this is a travesty.)  This book would be rated 5 stars if not for the many plot holes which are too numerous to mention here.  Nevertheless, Gillian Flynn should be credited with crafting such a complex and interesting story while avoiding the clich&eacute;s often seen in lesser novels.
from the very beginning, my interest was peaked.  I loved and hated the characters intermittently.  I found them both guilty of so much, and then the author would pull me on their side.  Well written.
I often felt frustrated while reading Gone Girl.  It is difficult to comprehend ones thought processes to be able to come up with this writing. At the same time I was totally caught up in all the twists and turns. It will be an interesting movie to be sure!!
When I first picked this book up, I was enthralled - the characters were interesting and the plot kept me on the edge of my seat.  But somewhere along the way - about three quarters of the way through - it just fell apart. When I finished it, I just stared at the book for a couple of minutes - I couldn't believe that it ended on such a flat note.I gave it three stars for the strong start, but overall, it's just sort of ... meh.  It's worth a read, but I definitely wouldn't pay full price for it.
It was very well written, and kept me going back to it!  Don't understand at all why some people didn't like it.  Perhaps they thought it should end, like they thought it would end?  Well I have to say it was a quite good book! Go ahead and read it.  She is a very good author.  Have since read Sharp Objects since finishing that book, and next I am reading her other book Dark Places.
This is a very strange book...one I really didn't think I would like, but found myself eagerto get to the next chapter.  These two people were so interdependent on each other thatthey loved and hated at the same time.  Amazing work.  Really done in an unusual formatbut one that really worked.  If you can forget some of the sexual implications you will findthis book one that you may or may not recommend to others.  I found it hard toput down.
Thought it might be a &#34;boiler plate&#34; in the initial pages but then it took many twists and turns.  It's extremely well written and a page turner of suspense.  You'll enjoy this one.
Somewhere between beach reading and serious mystery writing, this book is an engaging read.  I tried hard not to like it as much as I did... but I really enjoyed the story and have to admit that the plot twists were great fun.
Nick and Amy Dunne are all set to celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary at their rented mansion on the Mississipi River, when Amy disappears without a trace. Where has this beauiful and clever girl gone, and why does Nick, supposedly a devoted husband, tell so many lies to the police, fabrications he's soon caught up in? However, Nick continues to declare his innocense, even though he admits to having a teen-age mistress, but as the weeks drag on with no sign of the elusive Amy, things look bad for the town's once-golden boy. Cleverly told from the characters' different points of view, in chapter after chapter, we soon realize this is a marriage straight from hell. The result is a book that is not only darkly wild and intriguing, but nasty and downright creepy at times--yet you can't stop reading! Could Nick, in spite of his weaknesses, really be a killer, and could charming Amy possibly be mad, as well as evil? I haven't read many books that really scared me, but when I finished this one I realized I'd just met a writer who's a master of mystery and suspense. Great job!
This story twists and turns every few pages,All characters well defined and believable.Keeps you guessing right to the end.
The plot was stated early enough in the book to understand the story.  The characters were well defined with a bit of character.I hesitated in reading it because I was afraid it would make me feel afraid or sad.  It was entertaining and not over the top.I enjoyed it very much and recommend it for any book club as well as for individual reading.
Love love love this book.  After several reccomendations I am sorry I did not read it sooner.  Kept me guessing all the time.
Gone Girl is beautiful. It is elegantly written, and it is full of stunning twists and surprises. The two main characters are beautifully rendered. I'm unsure about the ending -- but it was interesting enough to have launched a number of conversations with my friends.
Great novel with interesting and original style. Several plot twists maintain interest. Not sure about the ending, but  well worth reading.
I liked this book.  Not only did it provide a good mystery with some twists and turns, but it  was an interesting story about marriage  and what can go so wrong in a relationship that starts out so right.  The characters are well defined and the changing timeline is easy to follow.  Even when you think you have it figured out, there are some surprises.  Recommended read.
I think I can confidently say, after reading this book, that I'm a total member of the Gillian Flynn fan club. Gone Girl is a stunning piece of fiction, excellently delivered and expertly wielded by Flynn.Told through two parallel story lines, Flynn's plot revolves around the disappearance of Amy Elliott Dunne, a former New York personality test writer. Immediately, probably because it's what's typical in cases like this, all the blame points toward her husband, Nick, another former writer from New York, who, after being laid off, moved his wife and himself back to Missouri to take care of his ailing parents. He now runs a bar with his twin sister, Margo. And they're both miserable. They both regret the decision to have come down in the first place. They both are starting to regret knowing each other.What keeps this from delving into your typical Law & Order: SVU sort of procedural are the voices. Yes, it's a book that realizes how to use first person, and knows how to use it well. Both Nick and Amy lie incessantly to each other and to the reader, so you can't trust what's going on line by line in the novel. There's a gray area between the competing narratives and that's about as close as you get to the truth here. Flynn questions, though, what is the truth? If one person sees something this way, and another this other way; if someone manages to make people think this, could that be true?The mystery itself serves as a backdrop to watching this deteriorating marriage, these tense, terse sequences between people who are having a difficult time caring for one another any more. At the end of every chapter, I wanted to take a breather, go for a walk, pet the dog, do something happy or whatever, but Flynn's writing is so captivating I just wanted to return to it.It's a bleak dark world, full of twists and turns. Flynn's knowledge of the genre, her sending the characters one way or the other because that's how people are expected to behave further adds to the suspense. They're trapped in a public conscious story, and they have to exploit it together to be able to win. It's stunningly strong, the emotions are earned, the action is intense (take a look at when Nick and some other guys go to an abandoned mall to confront some squatters), and the novel is probably one of the best of 2012.
My wife read this book and she liked it.  I think the cover is mad creative.  I'm totes judging this book by its cover.  Aren't that what covers are for anyway?  I'd argue it's their sole purpose.
This story chilled me to the bone! I don't typically read these kinds of books but too many people said I had to. It's an amazing story that drugs you through every emotion possible. A must read for all!!
This was my first book to read by author Gillian Flynn and it was really good.  It kept me so enthralled and I couldn't wait to see how it ended.
I had waited with anticipation for this book to be released and when I finally had it to read I was totally disappointed.  It might be generational but the languagewas a real turnoff.  If this is the way this young woman writes then it is a sadcommentary on our reading public that seems to accept this as best seller material.I happened upon "The Playdate" by Louisa Millar and found it to be much moresuspenseful and written without foul language on every page.  Gone Girl was much too long.
A captivating story. Many twists and turns build and you are amazed at the &#34;Amazing Amy&#34; in real life. The only down side is the ending but you need to read it to come to your own conclusions.
Loved the dilemma the story presented. I kept hoping Nick could figure out how to solve the problem of Amy. Loved the ending!
Finished the book and the ending was not as expected.  The story switched back and forth too much to sometimes follow easily.
I didn't know what to expect but wound up loving this book.  During the Easter holidays, while having lots of house guests, I would wait for everyone to retire and then hide out in the bathroom reading a few more chapters.  I did not find the characters particularly likeable but the author has created a very cleverly thought out and unusual piece of work for we readers.
Good suspense.  Weird ending.  Worth the read.  Also a fast read which keeps the reader at the edge of his/her seat.
This was an exceptional story that had surprises every time you thought you had it figured out.  Couldn't stop reading!  Excellent thriller.
This book was very well written and engrossing, for the most part, but it definitely needed a different and better ending.
I loved the writing and thought the story line was exciting and unpredictable.  I hated the end though.  And because of it, I wouldn't read any of her other books.  It was like she just gave up instead of finishing the story.  I was so disappointed.  How boring.
To me, this is one of the finest mystery/crime books I have read.  It would be criminal to discuss the plot points other than to say that if you are only comfortable with Hollywood storylines, you need heroic characters and would prefer to sleep at night, find another book.  I loved Flynn's first two stories, but this ingenious, daring and uncompromising author has out done herself.  Hopefully, Flynn's excellent, confident, insightful writing with inspire other authors and raise the bar on the genre.
I received this book and immediately started reading it, at the suggestion of a friend.  I have finished it already and will pass it along to my other avid reader friends.  Thanks again.
I tried to return this book but they charged me  anyway.I thought  would read it because  was being charged. BIG MISTAKE.  Not a good read.
Are we all supposed to imagine she killed herself or murdered him???? This book was good but the ending really sucked.
This was one of those books that starts off good, then quickly becomes an obsession.  I hated having to stop reading it to tend to other things, like....fixing dinner, eating, going to an appointment, etc.  I love books that get into my mind and that I can't figure out what's going to happen 1/2 way through.  Just when I thought I knew what was going on BAM! it changed.Like many other reviewers before me, I wasn't thrilled with the ending.  But I sort of felt like it left in open to write a sequel or something.  At least I HOPE that's what the author was planning when she ended it the way that she did.The dialogue in this book was outstanding.  Not that it was flowery, deep, poetic prose or anything, but that I could completely imagine the tone of voice the character was using when he or she was speaking, the quirky little phrases, the "voice in the head" (that everyone has) dialogue with him/herself - it was spot on perfect.  The dialogue, along with the clever and unpredictable plot made this one of the most thrilling books I've read this summer (and I've read 65 books so far since June, so that's saying something!)If you're looking for a creepy "mess with your mind" kind of story that will remind you of a mix between Alfred Hitchcock with a bit of crazy thrown in, you will love this book.
My reaction after reading the first part of Gone Girl was 'huh'. I mean, what was all the fuss about. It was just the story of two people whose marriage was more toxic than the sum of their very unlikable parts. So I stopped reading. But curiosity got the better of me and I decided to read a few reviews to see if maybe I was missing something. Turns out a lot of people have the same reaction to the book's beginning. But they also all said that, once they got further into the story, it completely grabbed them and wouldn't let go until the rather disturbing ending. So I decided to persevere.I dived back into the story and damn if they weren't all telling the truth. This is one hell of a gripping tale. No, I never started to like either of the main characters and I never developed any deep (or even shallow) empathy for them. However, I sure enjoyed reading their story. Author Gillian Flynn is an expert at literary sleight of hand. The novel is littered with red herrings and the plot twists will make you dizzy. As these twists are revealed, I kept thinking I shoulda seen that coming except...well, I didn't And the ending - wow, it's days later and the ending is still beating me up. I know this has been said by hundreds of readers before me but READ THIS BOOK. It'll keep you up late, disturb your sleep, perplex, anger, and annoy you but, most of all, I guarantee it will be one of the best books you will read all year.
Reading Amy's journal entries give you a chance to get to know a truly multi-faceted character. What you see...is NOT what you get!
While I can't say this is a bad book,I didn't enjoy it.The characters were real,plot also but it was not a pleasurableread.
I hate when this happens. You start a book and it seems really good (with capital R) and so you tell people to get it, THEN as the story goes on it turns into a whole load of stupid codswallop. What an absurd ending.
Great read!! I would recommend this to anyone who has read Gillian Flynn books. This is my first, but it won't be my last.
Gillian Flynn sets the scene for a standard murder mystery, and then flips it on its head.  You won't want to root for anyone, but you won't be able to resist rooting for Nick.
I absolutely loved this book.  First book I've read in a long time that I could not stop reading or thinking about.  The characters are awesome and get inside your head.  Will try another Gillian Flynn novel soon.
Good fast pace story, didn't care for final part. Felt I had washed time , with unsatisfing ending. I did not see all the high praise.
I had a tough time getting in to this book.  The first half of the book was tedious to say the least.  However, friends assured me it was worth continuing on.  They were right, once I got to a pivotal point in the plot I was hooked!  The twists and turns in the plot made it hard to put down.
ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS IVE EVER READ. NOTHING HAS COME CLOSE. CANT WAIT FOR THE MOVIE with ben affleck
This is one of the best fiction books I've read in a long time. Flynn has a wonderful command of tone, pacing, and language. I was sucked in from page one and I could not put it down until the end. Definitely worth reading and discussing!
Once you begin the story, it feels like it will be great. Once into it....so so. The ending is so so. Unusual ending. Rather chaotic story. Check the spelling you proofreaders! It is just ok, nothing that I immersed myself into reading.
My reading time is limited, and I'm really disappointed that I wasted precious time reading this book.  It's mish mashed together, hard to follow, and like other reviewers have stated, I can't believe it actually got published with an ending like that.  Don't waste your time, seriously.
Gillian Flynn keeps you guessing and she has a talent for uncanny turns in her spell-binding story. I have seldom read about female psychopats in such a skincreeping, unnerving plot. Never trust your lover! I look forward to her next novel.
After I finished a book, that had me hooked in the middle with the surprised twist, I found myself let down at the end. It is as if the author realized that it may be too long and just ended it.
I could not put this book down. Written in two voices (the husband and the wife), I was kept wondering exactly what happened to Amy until well into the book and it was quite a surprise. The suspens then becomes if or when the guilty person will be found out and held accountable. Many twists and turns and a very enjoyable read.
This is a really, really well done 'he said - she said' book. Ms. Flynn writes very well. I can't wait to get another of her novels. This book has lots of twists and turns. You never know who to believe, until the very end!
Awesome book! I love the writing. Very reminiscent of Fitzgerald. The characters we rich and very life-like. It will keep you on the edge of your seat. Highly recommended.
A waste of money. As a librarian, I have read many books of differing types but could not get into this one at all. I really tried to enjoy it but found it to be BORING at best. I did not find it suspenseful. I could not finish it. In addition, I was really annoyed at all the words in parenthesis such as(He said)and (I, for one, ...). Go to the library and borrow it because it is not worth buying.
I loved this book. It started out like many novels, a story about a writer(s). What do writers understand best? They focus on stories about struggling writers. However, the plot took a surprising turn, many a time, and I was completely hooked. Lots of fun, enjoy.
This book was absolutely crazy, but in a very good way. I love the twists and turns in this story and I was at a loss of words with the female character (Amy Dunne). This just tells you that women are a lot more vindictive than men (not sure if this would be considered a spoiler alert). I couldn't put this book down. The only minor complaint I have is the end of the book. I wish the author had expanded on it just a little more, but overall it was a very good read.
Good read, but not exactly comfortable...if you are looking for a romance, don't look here. This is a book about the worst of a husband and wife.
Good at first. The first third of this book is really good, the second third drags on for entirely too long and the last third infuriating. Sucky ending
I do not know how this made it on the best seller list. This is one of the nastiest books I have ever read. This Author has a fascination with pornography and the ending leaves you hanging. I would not recommend this to read and I will not read any other books by this Author writes.
I heard a lot of great things about this book but was ultimately disappointed. I started and stopped reading it about 6 times. Then I found out the movie was coming out so I forced myself to finish it. The first half was aweful. I didn't care for the characters, didn't care what happened to them or the plot, and found the whole thing self-indulgent. The second half was much better, but I didn't like how quickly the change happened. The twist wasn't unexpected, but I still found a lot of it unbelivable. The ending was very strange and unsatisfying. Overall, fine, but not great
You will not want to put this book down once you get going.  The twists just keep coming at you and you won't know what to think half the time.  I even caught myself skimming sometimes because I couldn't read fast enough!!  Definitely recommend it.
This is one of the creepiest books I have ever read in my life.  The third part of the book (it's divided into 3 sections) I finished in a marathon session because I had to know how this story would end. HIGHLY recommended.  I found this book on a Best of 2012 list and would say that it's up there in my top-ten of all time. It's such a dark, creepy story...once I got about halfway through the book (SPOILER) I really felt for the character Nick, and was very afraid of the character Amy.  And towards the end I just couldn't wait to see how it would all finally come together.
I would like to lend her a copy of my Thesaurus and Glossaries for People who write.  She seems to use the same four letter word in every tense, as a noun, verb, adjective and a few usages which she invented herself.  It really diminished the story line.  It could have been a good tale, otherwise, but with a very familiar theme. I don't know anyone, even my most profane acquaintances who speak in such a crude and inappropriate manner.  I know it is now the trend to see how much shock value you can insert in a movie or a book but it no longer shocks, it just muddies up the story line. It seem I am a minority in my opinion but &#34;good taste&#34; seem to be the dirty words today.
The book just wasn't believeable.  The idea was too far out there for me to really buy it.  And the ending...
I chose this rating because while I enjoyed the story, although it was sometimes disturbing, there was no end.  I found myself wanting to finsh and kept looking for the end of the story.
Had avoided this novel as it didn't seem to be up my alley, but after another friend insisted, I downloaded it. It starts off like a romantic comedy,you can picture the characters and New York, and like a film, the sugary sweetness a very enjoyable read with plenty of plot twists and turns. I didn't expect many of the twists, loved that the characters were complex, lved the red herrings. The ending was a surprise and I coudn't put it down while I tried to stay a step  ahead of the plot. Dark, foul language, a bit of escapism, very entertaining
I was very eager to read this book after hearing great things about it from a radio broadcast. Flynn did a great job in the middle. There were times when I wanted a scene to continue, that how good it was. Then came the end. Boy what a disappointment. I felt like I wasted my time. The ending was weak and left me feeling empty. Don't except a big ending because this is not one of those kind of novels.
Not my favorite book but fast paced and an okay summer read. Not sure what all the hullabaloo was for. Just an average book
A really fast read that has you turning the pages as fast as possible. Wonderful descriptive writing which enables the reader to see both sides of a story and then be absolutely surprised as that story unfolds.  A great book to curl up with, but you won't be in that comfy chair for long.
I loved it until the end, then it was disappointed. If it had a better ending I would have given it 5 stars, it was seemingly incomplete.
It was a good read.  A little slow in some areas.  But none the less a good read.  Didn't expect the ending. I would recommend this book.
I loved Gillian Fylnn's other two books so I was thrilled to get a chance to review "Gone Girl" through the Amazon Vine Program.Even though I loved this book and ultimately gave it 5 stars, it did take me several chapters to really become invested in and intrigued by the story and characters.  I think it just takes a while for Nick and Amy's story to unfold and to eventually discover that Amy's disappearance is not what it seems.  The reader knows something is "up" right away but has no idea what direction things are going...we know that Nick is hiding something...what??I can't write too much else because I don't want to risk any spoilers, but this book keeps you guessing and will keep you up at night reading.  This is definitely NOT you average who dunnit and many people will be surprised!
I enjoyed the author's writing style in this book, but was (highly) disappointed in the ending.  No spoilers here, just a friendly warning...  Proceed with caution.
I'm giving this book 4 stars but I do have to say that I did not like the ending AT ALL. Amy goes missing on her 5th wedding anniversary with her husband, Nick. I liked how one chapter would be Amy telling the past and the next Nick in current time. Eventually you find out what really happened to Amy on that day. Like I said in the beginning though, I did not like the ending. I felt as if it needed more closure. I'm on the fence whether I would recommend this book to anyone. Before I finished I kept telling people about it but now with the ending, I'm unsure.
I have trouble connecting to a book where I have little to no sympathy for the title characters. Nick and Amy Dunne were unlikeable to  me, continually whining their self-absorbed tale of woe. Even the author acknowledges this: " Now is the part where I have to tell you (spoiler deleted) and you stop liking me. If you liked me to begin with."  I didn't.  You watch as their marriage decays in alternating chapters with Nick speaking in real time and Amy in flashbacks through her journal. One day Nick arrives home to find the door open, the living room in disarray, and Amy gone.  I was frequently bothered by the character's actions. Have you ever been to Missouri in the height of summer? Even Satan wouldn't sit in a garage with no air conditioning and read magazines.  My aggravation increased with the Law and Order type blueprint ripped from the headlines.  Oh, yeah here's Nancy Grace and Mark Garagos, hmmm, sounds like the obvious sociopath.  Can Ms. Allred be far behind?Then I hit a few pages shy of the halfway point...all is forgiven and forgotten.  What follows is darkly clever and absorbing, guaranteed to evoke the involuntary wince. There is no fork involved, but I think perhaps Gillian Flynn has created a character that just may be Dr. Lecter's mental match.
On their fifth anniversary Nick's wife Amy disappears.  This is every true crime story - the husband did it, or did he?  The book is written in two voices - Nick's and Amy's.  The writing is very good, the characters are different and the elements of the story have you shaking your head.This is a LONG book - split into three parts.  You are introduced to the main characters, watch the disappearance unfold and follow the investigation.  Even the ancillary characters are well written and interesting.But the ending is awful.  There is no other word for it - Flynn could have ended this book any number of ways, the way she chose is disappointing at best.I was going to pick up her previous works but this one has left me with no interest in reading anything else by this author.  She nails character, prose and story telling - but you have to end the story without leaving the reader wondering why they bothered.
I wondered why someone in my book club had recommended the book after I had only read the early part. Then, because it was a book club selection, I continued to read. I'm glad I did. It became so intriguing that I couldn't put it down.
Shocking on many levels  I'm one that can usually see the twist from a mile away, but not this time.
I've never felt dirty after reading a book, but there's a first for everything, right?  I had a really hard time getting into this book.  The characters just didn't do it for me.  I guess a book where the husband and wife are constantly trying to screw each other over just doesn't interest me.  This book just left a bad taste in my mouth.
Believe the hype people, this book is brilliant - it has more turns than a food processor! I give it two thumbs up, three if I had three thumbs.
If you are not a subscriber to my reviews, you probably did not notice that December has been the Month of Gillian Flynn for me. I went on chronological order of her writing, starting with SHARP OBJECTS, moving to DARK PLACES, and finally ending with GONE GIRL, by far her bestseller. GONE GIRL has gone on to be one of the best-selling books of 2012, and once I'd caught up, I was eager to get my hands on this one. But let's start with the little nitpicks...This book was not perfect. In fact, after the first part of the book totaling about 200 pages, I was not entirely hooked. I was interested, but more than that, there was something keeping me at an arm's length. It seemed like the usual story of missing husband. Also, I was pretty sure that I had figured out the twist early on and spoiled the ending for myself. I kept waiting for the inevitable to happen.Turns out, I did spoil myself. But you know what? By the end, with the number of twists and turns packed into the last 50% or so, I wasn't caring about having spoiled a tiny bit of it for myself. I was more concerned with the specifics. Ms. Flynn layers them on bit by bit, heavy details that build into thick repositories of evidence that make everything so unbelievable and so dramatic.Like the rest of Ms. Flynn's books, GONE GIRL is not for the faint of heart. It is dramatic, extremely dark, very disturbed, and on many levels gory and inhumane. There is psychological torture, death, depravity, and deceit. But this is the story of a marriage that is damaged beyond repair, and the lengths people go to cover up lies. Our main narrator, Nick, is a husband who came home to Missouri after his life in New York crumbled. His wife Amy has gone missing, leaving behind a journal that paints Nick in a very bad light. Nick's been having an affair with a college student, and as the evidence stacks up against him, the entire country turns against him. Did Nick murder Amy?GONE GIRL is the epitome of a book with an unreliable narrator. Nick's lies begin to confuse the reader, and eventually, instead of empathizing, you're asking yourself, "Did he actually do it?" The characters in this were remarkable and completely fleshed out. There was nothing cardboard or stock about these. From the Dunnes to their families to the lawyers and television personalities and neighbors, this book was full of life from the supporting case especially.As for the prose? While not on the level of literary greats, there is little to be missed about Flynn's style of writing. The plot is expertly woven and intricate down to the every last detail involved. Ms. Flynn has set herself apart as one of the best thriller writers of the past several decades, and her career can only go up from here.I do have one nitpick about the movie casting (yes, this will hopefully become a film) possibilities. I know Reese Witherspoon is producing, and she's favored to play Amy, but please - NO!VERDICT: One of the most depraved books I've ever read, and one of the most obsessively readable, GONE GIRL is full of lies, twists, and deceptions that make it truly thrilling. A must read.
I thought that if this book had been on the bestseller list for so long that it had to be good.  This book was far to predictable and took half way through before it actually picked up any momentum at all.
This book was a lightning fast read and very refreshing; definitely not your typical &#34;woe is me, my wife is missing&#34; type novel.  I was instantly engrossed and my inner detective was hard at work, trying to figure out what was going on before it was revealed to the reader.  Be prepared for twists, turns, and love/hate relationships with the characters.
twists on twists.  I was literally slack jawed at times.  reads easily from a first person perspective telling a twisted love story.  you wont see it coming.  Enjoy!
When I first started reading, I was bored to death.  Tough marriage where neither character was that likable?  I was having a really hard time getting into the book when all of a sudden the first twist hits you and you realize this book isn't anything like you first thought it was.  From that point onward I was hooked and couldn't put it down.Telling too much of the story would ruin it as part of the enjoyment for me was knowing nothing prior to opening the book, so lets just say its the story of a husband and wife, neither of which is perfect. This isn't your average bad marriage story though.  No, Gillian Flynn never lets you sit easy but constantly throws surprises at you.  Through plot twists, new parts of the characters psyche's are revealed to the reader.  And you keep reading waiting for the next bomb to drop.A great read, I would definitely recommend it.
I had the beginning of this story figured out. What keeps you hooked is the thoughts and insights into the main female character's psyche. What will make this book a better read for someone is if they are interested in psychology. What ruins the book is the ending because there isn't one, nothing is wrapped up concluded and leaves you hanging highly disappointed!
It was a really good read with lots of twists and turns along the way which are unexpected, including the ending.
I kept hearing about this book, and got on a waiting list at my library for it. I was excited when I got it until I started reading. It was a huge struggle just getting through the first few chapters. By chapter three I gave up. It was sooooo beyond boring, and I hate when every little thing has a 2 page detail. The author goes on and on and on simply about a guy waking up to his alarm clock at 6 am. Who gives a shit? I do not understand the hype about this book. I asked a friend who read it to just tell me the whole story, and I'm quite happy that i didn't waste the time reading the entire thing!
I actually really enjoyed this book until the end and then I started looking through the book to make sure I hadnt lost some pages.  The ending was a huge disappointment.  Nick, the husband, after starting to redeem himself as a character, just gives up and the wife essentially wins her sociopathic game.  I found the twists very entertaining.  Nick nor Amy were very redeeming characters and even in the beginning I didnt like them very much but I found myself reading the last 200 pages quickly hoping that Amy would get her due in the end only to be sorely disappointed.  The writing was not brilliant but unfortunately it seems harder to come by truly literary writing these days as if the publishers think we have all gotten stupider on masse and cannot understand more sophisticated writing (though possibly true to some extent).  I do like a good mystery/crime novel occasionally so it was a good summer read and I dont regret reading it.  I just wish that Nick would have found one thing that Amy had missed and put her away for good!
I enjoyed this book. Kind of odd.. you begin supporting one character and end supporting another. Begins kind of slow but leaves you scratching your head.
Like music can set your mood, reading novels enters moods and ideas into your head. This book contained ideas I do not want in my head- I didn't finish it.
A really gripping read, definitely deserves all the praise that it has attracted recently. A very smart novel, but does lose the pacing a bit near the end.
This is one of my favorite books I read this year. It is suspenseful, with lots of twists and turns.I learned a lot about sociopaths.I have recommended it a few times to friends and they too have enjoyed
This book had so many twists and turns in it, I could have read it in one sitting. Definitely recommend!
WOAH. I ordered this book after hearing Reese Witherspoon bought the movie rights. I couldn't put this book down. I suggest this to any reader. You will not expect the twist and I am now a fan of Gillian Flynn.
I enjoy realistic books with interesting characters and a good story line. This is not one of them. It begins interestingly enough when the wife disappears but then turns RIDICULOUS.  The main character uses a wine bottle to make it look like she was sexually assaulted - give me a break. And the ending is even more ludicrous.  The book was bad anyways without an ending that makes you wish you had been reading a pleasurable book this whole time. Won't read this author ever again.
This has got to be the best edge-of-the-beach towel read for summer 2012, but it's a masterful, memorable, brilliant, unusually clever novel for any season.Gone Girl is just so far ahead of its genre, combining epic plot twists with astute psychological insight into relationship psychology, plus fine sentence-by-sentence writing that sometimes compels one to stop reading and savor the words.Just a bloody brilliant theft of my life and consciousness, really.I think I am not alone in finding the ending a bit disappointing, even while finding that the author has made it seem inevitable.But I will recommend this to anyone I know who loves the kind of book that sweeps them off their feet but doesn't make them feel stupid afterward for succumbing.
Had to read this for my book club and barely finished it before we met. Starts out slowly and really gets tedious after that. This book is very dark and found myself wishing the author would get on with telling the story. She is too long winded, just too much detail. I pretty much had figured out the ending half way through the book. I do not recommend this book and  probably will not read anything else she has written. I do agree with her on the fact that we do not have an unbiased legal system anymore. You are pretty much tried and convicted in our 24 hour, sensationalized,  got to get the ratings, so called news channels today.
I could not put this book down, I was even reading during work.... i was totally shocked by the ending
Unrealistic but a good psychological study of human favor. Would have preferred a different ending. This one made me wonder if there would be a sequel. Met the author - a real treat!!
Don't get married, don't get married, don't get married. Also, don't get married.Gone Girl: A Novel is a dark story about a couple who love and hate each other with fascinating obsession.Flynn writes extremely unlikeable characters but still somehow makes the reader care what happens to them. Care in a `stay up late and yawn incessantly at work the next day because you couldn't stop reading' kinda way. A study of what can result when an extremely intelligent person is also extremely crazy, the combination of the two allowing them to psychologically manipulate someone into total destructionPlenty of plot twists. Even if the reader guesses the twists before they happen, it doesn't detract from watching it unfold. And there are enough of them (twists) that almost everyone will have some surprises.Scary realism about gender roles, sexism, manufactured personalities and psychopathy. Flynn's outlook is bleak, offering no hope for society in general. But her ability to keep the reader hooked on the story of a miserable world filled with miserable people is amazing.
Well, it started out very strong.  Quirky, unlovable characters. A plot that took as many twists and turns as a mountain pass.  It was a page turner; I had trouble putting it down not knowing what raveling and unraveling of the story line was coming.Spoiler alert:  about 3/4 through I decided that there was only one ending that would be wrong; and of course that's how it ended.  In fact, I do not think this was the ending originally intended by the author.  Why would Flynn introduce a demented father who runs into the house furiously looking for the "bitch" unless the intended end for Amazing Amy was somehow in his hands.  Alfred Hitchcock once said that if you introduce a gun in scene one, it better go off before the play is over; it holds for novels as well
I found This very disappointing. A little Boring and I careD less about the Characters as the book went on.
I loved Gillian Flynn's other books but had trouble getting into this story.  I found both main characters to be selfish and hard to relate to.  I hated the false diary that was the first half of the book, I felt like I had wasted so much time reading that and then to find out that it was all made up due to some elaborate plan.  In the end, they both are skewed and I just felt glad to be done reading the book.  I know many loved it but it just wasn't for me.  I defiantly recommend her other books, just not this one.
Good read - recommend to other book clubs.  Will watch out for others by this author. Also enjoyed the Nicci Frenc (Freda Klein series)
While I liked where this book went with it's male character and the female lead, I felt like it took to long to get to the meat of the story. Other than that I truly enjoyed being shocked when I was ready to give up on it. This is worth the read. I think every married person can understand most of the feelings maybe not to this extreme but they understand
Fantastic read, would recommend to anyone, a real thriller, but not gruesome which means that it is well written and not having to rely on other things to hold it together. Loved it!!!!
I don't understand what the hype is. First of all the book drags the first 300 pages. The second part seems a little exciting and then drags.  The ending makes no sense, no closure, as if the author got tired of writing. I am pisst off I actually paid for this book. Do yourself a favor borrow it from the Kindle library or wait for the movie and be prepared to fall asleep.
I am sure some people loved this book. It's just not my type. The writing is fine, but the story is not interesting to me. I don't like reading about self destructive, delusional, arrogant, violent, and hateful people. There are enough real people living in co-dependent and destructive relationships, I don't need to read about fictional ones, especially when they are so full of hate, so mean.This is not a commentary on the value of the book itself, just on my tastes in books.
A few reviews / readers did not like the ending, for me the ending was great.  Wouldn't change a thing. It did make me think that there are people that live their lives this way. Or the author researched such people.It is a dark read...no doubt about it, but I loved the unique writing style of this author.I will check out her other titles.
This much hyped book was a disappointment. It was a descent into madness involving characters that I did not care about.  Some parts crude. Yuck. To me, not clever but depressing with no redeeming qualities.
I did not like this book, I just don't understand all of the hype at all.  The story is weak at best.
I borrowed this and read it online, so when I thought it was almost over I didn't realize I was only halfway through it. I formed my conclusions, mentally gave it 3 stars and started composing my review in my head while I skimmed through what I thought were the last few pages. I was growing bored, I didn't like the main characters and just wanted to find out where the body had gone to.And then I was whammied. I realized the meat of the book was just starting and it was like coming to the top of a tall roller coaster drop. I couldn't stop reading and it was exciting and I never expected the things that were happening.I thought this was an excellent book and in hindsight I don't even mind how bored I became with the beginning - the information there was necessary and the false expectedness of it really set me up to fully enjoy the last half.I found it to be so well written and the characters seemed like real people. I didn't like the husband and wife because of who they were, not because of how well they were written. So it kind of astounds me that I gave it 5 stars because it's usually very important to me that I like the main character in the book. I didn't really like the ending because it didn't satisfy me but that's just a personal preference. I think it was a very reasonable ending.I keep thinking I didn't like it (I guess because I didn't feel good when I was done reading it) but my strongest thought is wow that is one of the best written novels I've read in a long time.
Given that it's being made into a movie and that everyone I knew was raving about the book I expected to not be able to put it down and to thoroughly love it. Wish I could say that. It's a good read, no doubt, but I never got that edge-of-my-seat feeling and came away unsatisfied. Don't think I'll see the movie--it wasn't that great a story that I want to relive it.
I had my nose in this book most of my vacation. Someone asked me how I liked what I was reading when I was about 50% complete and I said it was, "Great, Amazing, Really Different". Fast forward to me finishing the book on the drive home from vacation finishing up the book and swearing up a storm. Honestly this ending no matter if you loved it or hated it (me) will get a reaction out of you. Had the book ended my way it would have gotten five stars.
You don't know which side to believe, I don't want to spoil it so I will leave it at that. Good read, don't want to stop until you figure it out. Some wont like the ending but I didn't mind it, made sense to end it that way for me.
An interesting plot though I did not find any of the characters especially likeable and no,the ending was not at all satisfying.
Excellent writing style. Kept me wanting to go back for more. I will now read other books by this author! Awesome twists and turns, which I love especially after I think I have it all figured out.. bam, I did not! One of those books you wish that did not end. Awesome highly recommend!
The plot is twisted and stupid.I kept shaking my head.... really? how is this a best seller? not for me...
I liked it but would mot recommend it to everyone I know. It fits people with a particular kind of background I would think, perhaps speaks to a certain set of generation more so than others.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn is one of those novels I feel everyone has read or at least heard of. I bought this book on a whim last time I went book shopping, because I was so curious about what all the hype is about, even though I'm slightly delayed. In my opinion there are two types of popular books: The ones that's popular with book bloggers and the ones that's so popular that people who never read suddenly reads it, and then never read anything after that (i.e Fifty Shades of Grey, which I still refuse to read). Gone Girl, I'm happy to say is one of the former.This story starts off with Amy who disappears on her and Nick's fifth wedding anniversary. Nick and Amy has a difficult marriage due to many reasons: Nick lost his job and decides to move from New York to Missouri where he opens up a bar with his twin sister, funded by Amy. Amy herself also looses her job and in some way resents Nick for the financial situation they are in, as well as uprooting her from New York. In the first part of the book, the story are being narrated by Nick and Amy's diaries, however in the second part of the book the reader learns why Amy despises her husband so much.From the "crime scene" it would appear that Amy was hurt or killed. Who would kill Amy and why? Is she still alive? Amy seems to be the perfect affectionate wife (according to her diaries) and Nick's behaviour during the investigation is everything but that of a worried husband. In her diaries, Amy says she is afraid of Nick and in turn Nick lies to the police. Did Nick kill Amy?Sounds like a good plot for a thriller, right? I loved it! Gone Girl, is an great psychological thriller and I now understand what all the hype was about. It was fast paced, twisted and thrilling. The best part of the book is the ending, something that most people who has read it, did not expect. When I got to the end, I was like "OMGee, that is so twisted!". For the benefit of those who is yet to read it, I won't say who the psycho is. However, I must admit that I loved and hated the end, both at the same time. My reasons for loving it outweigh how much I didn't like it, so great ending to a great thriller.
at first I didn't understand or hard to follow with everyother chapter from another person, but when it came together it really surprised me.
Flynn's portrayal of the characters is layered but they all still come off as barely likeable... His &#34;gone girl&#34; is a textbook study of the sociopathic personality - intriguing because most literary portrayals of this type are cast as males...
I really enjoyed this book.  It was well written with beautiful imagery and interesting, well-drawn characters.  Above all it was entertaining!  I couldn't put it down!
Book #41 Read in 2013Gone Girl by Gillian FlynnI do not think I have ever read a book that had as main characters such unlikable people as this book did; Nick and Amy are nasty.  That being said, this book was like a train wreck and I could not look away; I had to keep reading to find out what happened.  On their fifth wedding anniversary, Amy goes missing.  Shortly thereafter, the police and the media are looking at Nick as the person who made Amy disappear.  He had cheated on her, emotionally withdrawn from her and, according to Amy's found diary, physically abused her at times.  But did Nick really kill her?This book had tons of twists and turns to keep readers engaged.  I was rooting for both Nick and Amy to get their just desserts.  This was a good mystery and I recommend it.  It seems to be one of those books that people either love or hate; I was more on the love side.[...]
Little disappointed in the ending but great book.  Loved all the twists and turns. Lived up to all the hype
I enjoyed the storyline....the twists and turns. But, the ending didn't feel like the end. I would have preferred a final ending. Other than that I feel it was very well written. I would definitely recommend this book to any that like a mystery to you books.
I liked this book.  Would I read it again?  No.  What can I compare it to?  No clue.  Some of it was mindboggling and almost unbelievable - but it's a book.  Entertaining?  Yes.
This was my first Gillian Flynn book and i really enjoyed it.  It really really kept my interst.  The detail made this book great and pretty easy to follow.  I loved the mystery of it all and I kept wondering who was going to win the little battle between spouses in the end :o)  Good book.
This is my first time reading a Gillian Flynn book. And let me tell you: she's an excellent writer. If you like plots and twists. I gave it 4 starst because I did not enjoy that much the ending. But totally recommended.
At times, my hatred went from the husband to the wife and kept going back and forth.  I won't give the book five stars because I simply hated the ending.
Let me start by saying that after I read some reviews, I had mixed feelings about whether I should buy this book or not. I have limited time to read so I usually stick to books with 4.5 stars or more, that's just how I roll. But I'd heard a lot of fuss about this one, so I compromised and put it on hold at the library. It took me five months to finally get my hands on it, and after the first 30 or so pages, I wasn't sure if I should keep going...but at my mom's urging, I did, and I must say, it was WELL worth it! What an exciting/disturbing book!Here's what I loved:~The author's dark but humorous writing style. I found myself reading quotes aloud to my husband.~The fast-paced action. I hate books that drag, and this one did not. It was impossible to put down.~The twists! I thought I had it all figured out, several times. Nope. Not even close! The author was many steps ahead of me at all times. It was unpredictable. From reading the dust jacket blurb, I NEVER would have guessed where this was going.~The creepiness factor. After I finished it, I laid in bed feeling pretty disturbed about the whole thing. I like a book that makes me think even after I'm finished reading.Anyway, if you like page turners and aren't easily offended (this one's graphic, sexual, violent, definitely an R) I recommend you give it a try. And definitely don't give up on it if you haven't gotten to section two yet.
Fun, easy to-read novel with plenty of plot twists and turns.  I don't read a lot of mystery/suspense novels any more because most are either predictable  or poorly written, but this novel is an exception.  It is terribly clever, well written and just about anyone will fly through the pages.  Highly recommend.
If you haven't read Gone Girl then you should!  It was as very surprising story. I READ it in two days.
Gillian Flynn is an amazing writer. Her work speaks for itself. If you like horror or murder mystery novels I highly recommend this or any of her other books. They are wonderful and dark.
I see a movie in the making..... it will be great just like the book, I couldn't put it down.
Just when you think you have it all figured out.........I couldn't put it down. Everyone should read this book. Shockingly refreshing in ways that fool you into thinking it is just another predictable murder mystery. It is so much more than that. So much more v
I read the first couple of chapters on Friday night. Then picked it up on Saturday morning and didn't put it down again until I was finished (well after mid-night). Manipulative, suspenseful, disturbing - lots or twists and turns - at times I actually gasped and other times I clapped. Don't read the reviews - best to go into it without a lot of expectations (and you want to avoid spoilers). Really good summer/vacation book.
I read this book based on the previous reviews. It had me guessing the entire time, lots of twists and turns. Really looking forward to the movie!
Wow. That was literally the first things I said, after closing my copy of Gone Girl. Just. Wow. It&#8217;s not often that a book surprises me, and it&#8217;s certainly not often that a book completely floors me. But this one sure did.Told in alternating voices, we get an inside look into the less than idyllic marriage of Nick and Amy Dunne. I personally love a novel with dueling voices. When done badly, it can be a huge failure. But Ms. Flynn executed it perfectly. Each voice has their own (if quite ugly) personality which enhances the storyline, tenfold. One thing you have to remember? This story is completely manipulative. You think you&#8217;ve read stories with unreliable narrators before? Well, Flynn is a master of the unreliable narrator.I won&#8217;t lie, when I first started the novel, I was feeling a bit let down. It&#8217;s a slow start. I already disliked Nick, not because of the growing marital problems that Amy&#8217;s private journal described, but because he comes across as a narcissistic and selfish coward who completely ignores his doting wife. But as the pages kept turning, I began to change my opinions and started hoping for a twist to this crazy story. A twist I wasn&#8217;t expecting at all but thought would be utterly delicious. And wouldn&#8217;t you know, as I reached Part Two of the story, I got my wish. And it was glorious.What started out fairly slow, gained crazy fast momentum. I couldn&#8217;t put the book down and actually found myself losing sleep for work because I was so glued to the dark and intense storyline that Part Two provided. My opinions on the both Nick and Amy completely changed as well. I still found Nick to be narcissistic and cowardly. But I started to feel pretty damn sorry for him as well. Truth be told, many reviewers intensely disliked the characters. They simply are not easily likeable characters. But they are fascinating. And I have to admit, I may have a tiny girl crush on Amy. Which I don&#8217;t even want to speculate as to what that says about me! I apologize for being so vague, but unless I&#8217;m about to give spoilers (NEVER) I have to remain somewhat vague.There is a reason that Gone Girl has remained on the bestseller&#8217;s list for two years. It&#8217;s worth the read. It&#8217;s a manipulative, gritty, deliciously dark psychological thriller and that twist &#8230; holy hell.
This book almost got tossed into the library donation box, it definitely violates my 50-page rule. There was almost nothing to interest me in the first person narratives of two self-centered hipsters recounting the decay of their marriage... except that their stories were so strikingly dissimilar.After "the thing" is revealed, the action does pick up, and (I don't want to admit it) I kept reading straight through to the end in one sitting. It was not a satisfying read, more like looking at a titillating story on a gossip web site - a feeling which was strongly reinforced by the lackluster ending.Snark Alert! I'm hoping the screenwriters will do a Grisham on it and come up with a better ending for the movie.
Oh my goodness! This book! So. So. Good! Total page turner. You won't sleep until it's done. Witty, suspenseful, and just the right amount of crazy. I'm sad it's over. I need more.
Makes you think about what some people are capable of.  The deviant mind can be so manipulative and cunning.  Fear is the theme of this book.
I decided to read "Gone Girl" because of all the hype surrounding it. For the first half of the book, I thought it was okay...well-written, interesting characters, but a bit drawn out and also predictable, as I was SO SURE I knew what had actually happened. Then I started Part II of the book....and OMG, I so did not see any of that coming!!!!! The author really pulls one over on her readers here, and in a very good way. (I can't wait for this book to eventually be made into a movie, as it has the potential to be super awesome.) I was very anxious to see how everything in the book would resolve itself (forgive me for being so vague; I don't want to ruin it by giving anything away!). The end of the book is quite a surprise, and for me at least, it left me a tad disappointed, as I'd imagined and hoped for a different resolution. But all of these surprises are what make "Gone Girl" such a unique and engaging book. This is a must-read this summer!
this book is very hard to put down. I'm so glad I bought it. I don't want to give anything away but if you like a good suspense thriller this is a great read. I was a little disappointed with the ending though. I thought it would turn out a certain way and got thrown for a loop when all of  a sudden the story line ended with no real wrap up of the main issue of the book.
Was a quick moving book. Loved the &#34;diary&#34; narrative aspect. It was had a refreshing twist and its a book I could read again and again!
I would highly recommend this book for anybody who likes reading thrillers. I look forward to reading more books by Gillian Flynn.
This was a cleverly written story and kept me going throughout, even when I began to see what was up!  A good summer read, and I have told a couple of friends to read it, too.
I can't say.  I ordered this one for my wife for her book club.  I haven't looked at it.  I don't think she was very impressed with it.  We both tend to like more classic stuff.  These &#34;current best seller&#34; things seem rather superficial most of the time.
I bought this based on other reviews but I wasn't really impressed. It was predictable and didn't really capture my interest.I wouldn't recommend it.
I really enjoyed this book.  I wanted to see what all the hype was about so I got a copy from the library and read it. It has an interesting storyline and was engaging enough to get me to read the book till the end.
Great book with twists and turns! Keeps you reeled in right from the start! Highly recommend! But be ready to stay up late as the book begs to be read!
I understand Flynn is primarily a suspense novelist but I'd love to see her write a more realistic novel about marriage itself.  The first half of this novel is a terrifically insightful representation of how two people can see what's happening in a relationship in diametrically opposed ways.  But then Flynn pulls the rug out from under the reader--certainly in a clever way, but I was disappointed. I won't give away the surprise, but it would have been very interesting to see how two relatively ordinary people coped with their disappointments in each other.
I read this book, and thought it was a great story up until the end.  I'm sorry to say that I did NOT like the ending at ALL.  I'm not a person who always has to have a happy ending, but the wife in this book?  She definitely deserved to get hers in the end.  Not continue to make everyone's life miserable for the rest of time.  :(
loved this book but so mad at the ending.. it seemed so rushed while the whole book was not... can't wait for the movie
this is a very cool book.  keeps you guessing and turning the pages!  not at all what I expected.  would defiantly recommend
I loved it, pure and simple. I have recommended it to everyone I know. Best book I've read since The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
Summer is here and who doesn't like a page turning, plot with a twist, book to sit down with? I started this book and could not put it down! Gillian Flynn created characters that drew me in, that made me care about them. I couldn't wait to get back to the book to find out what was happening next. I haven't read any of her other books but will definitely add them to my reading list!
Then it just got ridiculous and made me mad! I raved to family members and told them to read it....I wasn't finished reading it myself. Once I did finish, I called and told them not to read.
&#34;Gone Girl&#34; by Gillian Flynn is an excellent mystery, a real page turner. I felt I was reading an &#34;onion&#34; with different layers peeled off. You might be up all night.
Thus is a really wonderful book! Full of twist and surprises. I can see this story continuing on, so I look forward to that.I have never read Flynn before, but I will from now on!
It seems like it took a long time to get to the point of the book.  I would think twice about reading another of her books.
I have now read all three of Gillian Flynn's fascinating books.  She manages to create a rogue's gallery of dysfunctional characters and Nick and Amy continue that trend, with Amy Dunne certainly being her most messed up character to date.  I am not sure that I would call this her best novel. I really enjoyed "Dark Places" as well.I have never really wondered about the minds of novelists whom I have read prior to that of Gillian Flynn. I don't think Stephen King is particularly messed up for instance, but Flynn I wonder about. Perhaps it was just too many Lindsay Lohan stories while Flynn was an entertainment editor. Who knows? But I hope there are some relatively normal people in her life, if only for her peace of mind."Gone Girl" is broken down into three parts with a major plot twist occuring at the beginning of parts 2 and 3. It is the twist in part 3 that kept me from giving the novel 5 stars. I just had too much of a problem believing the actions of the characters, though one could argue that it fit in well with the message that Flynn was trying to convey. A novel with this kind of twists is better left for the reader to discover.  It is well worth the ride and highly recommended.  I will leave it at that.
NY Times bestselling author? The quality of the writing in this book is marginal - much like "Fifty Shades". I noticed the misuse/overuse of a word that's popular these days - "literally." Reminds me of the days of "totally" in the 70's. I kept track as I read & the word is used 21 times - most of them incorrectly. Don't waste your time. There is better literature out there.
I enjoyed this book, it was very different  from anything I have read.  There are twists that are very surprising and unexpected.  I hated for the story to end.
Fun to read, a page turner. Interesting study of human nature or maybe of twisted humans...  Unexpected ending. I recommend it.
Well I will have to say that I have read better books. Really the only thing that kept me hanging in was the insane amount of plot twists. It was an interesting read...but too slow. I found myself liking and then hating the characters all throughout the book, switching on an off been the two feelings.
Maybe it was creative, maybe it represents something about the darker nature of humanity.  Thank goodness no one I know.  I didn't find it very compelling, just repellant.  Skipped over huge amounts to read the ending. Also a disappointment.
This book was so much more than your basic thriller.  There is enough action in the plot to keep you more than interested, but the characterization is also phenomenal.  It's not a serious read, but it's more than your basic fluff novel.  I don't want to give too much away, but basically, the book keeps you evaluating both the husband and wife who narrate the novel.  You can never quite be sure if they're being honest or what they're keeping from you.  Only from seeing both sides of the story can you get a full understanding of the plot and characters.  I highly recommend this book!
Sorry, I did not like this book. It went on & on. The descriptions and adjectives reminded me of an English Lit major trying to impress her professor. I have to admit I skimmed most of the middle of the book just to get through it and then read the last few chapters. I could not handle all of the dialogue. The plot was interesting, but too strung out. I think she should stick to short stories!!
This is one amazingly fun book to read. I couldn't put it down, as with all of her books. Great, great story and characters. Many twists and turns that keep you reading on the edge of your seat. Buy it!
Couldn't put it down. Read it in two days! Definitely would recommend for someone who is looking for a book with lots of twists.
This is my first 5 star review. I loved this book. I was going to bed early just to get a couple of hours read in before I went to sleep. Could not put it down. Just a minor thing was it dropped off a bit in places but soon picked up the pace again. The 2nd part is where all the action is.Despite what other reviewers have said about the ending I thought it was a prefect ending and the only way it could end. I will read her other books and look forward to the next ones.Don't hesitate - buy it and read it.
This book has many nice twists and turns in the plot that keep the reader surprised and wondering what will happen next. It is a great read!
I was wary of reading this book, but I was floored by how much it lived up to the hype.  Once I started I couldn't put it down.  I read with increasing unease as I went from chapter to chapter, getting a little of the truth here and there and knowing, too, that the full picture was going to be sickening.  Every perspective was suspect and self-serving.  My sympathies shifted from chapter to chapter because the truth kept shifting.  However, by the end, one character emerged as very psychotic and deserving of loathing?  Grudging admiration?  Pure evil, I say.Did I feel manipulated by the constant twists?  Yes!  Do I care?  No!I would deem this book as Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf taken to extreme extremes.  The marriage portrayed in it is so toxic, that I was disturbed for hours after I finished it.Not a feel good book but brilliantly written!
This story  of a young married couple weaves a very tangled web. Great writing. Unforeseen twists & turns throughout. Could not put this book down! Talented writer.
I couldn't wait to read this book, as it was on everyone's Top Ten list.  What a disappointment!  It was not the kind of book that I couldn't wait to get back to after putting it aside.  I guess I just didn't &#34;get&#34; the whole point.
I read this book reviewed by Time magazine and decided to buy it.The writer is very skilled and the whole book goes forward with two protagonists.  Each one is telling their own story about the events.  It is not confusing as you go back and forth between these two characters - but is rather exciting.Sometimes you see it going one way and then the story, and crime, go another way. Just when I though that I had it figured out - the author closed that door and showed you more information.This is a completely engaging novel and I really did have trouble putting it down. I actually stayed up into the wee hours of the morning - because I HAD to know.The ending is very good.I would suggest this book for any readers who think that they always know what is coming next.Not in this book!!!
You never knew what would happen until it happened.  Kept you wanting to read and not go further at the same time.  I was not thrilled with the ending, however.  It was almost a non-ending!!
This is not literature that's going to win the Man Booker Prize or anything and that kind of surprised me given the fact that EVERYONE raves about this book and calls it one of the best reads of the year. Well, that being said, it is definitely worth a read even if you are just wanting to know what the big deal is about. Let me qualify this statement by saying my job is really boring and I get tons of days off-- I faked being sick to my boss so I could stay home and finish this book. There.
I started this book with high hopes because it is a bestseller.  It was agonizingly slow going for the first half, and I wish one of the two narrators would just be forthcoming with what had really happened. Then I am doggedly determined to finish, so I could discover WHY this was a bestseller.  I finished the book feeling oddly cheated. I could think of some much better endings. Can't really go into what they are, as it would spoil the so-called plot.It is probably well written.  But I could not like any of the characters at all. So smarmy, soul-less, and depressing to the core.Read it if you must, then you will see what I mean.
I read this book with some slight trepidation as there were some strong opinions on here about the main characters Amy and Nick.  Some people really disliked them and thought they got what they deserved.  I am of the opposite opinion, I really liked this book and I loved how the characters got into each others heads and were trying to think three steps ahead of one another.  While I agree that when you get to the true nature of these folks they become very unlikeable I found that that's when the book really started to take off.
I'm an avid reader and read a minimum of 40 books a year, closer to 50.  Recently, I feel like I'm completely out of touch with what is happening around me in the literary world.  Most of the books that are on the best seller list, I find either mediocre or completely lacking with Gone Girl being in the mediocre category.Was Gone Girl a page-turning thriller?  Absolutely.  Was it a well written, plausible story? Absolutely not.What happened to well written books?  Why does the main character in this book sound like a whiny teenager even though she's supposed to be in her 30s?  Why is this dumbing down of literature happening around us?  I know this is supposed to be a review of Gone Girl, and it is but it is also a lament of the well written and thought out book.The first part of the book was sound and a real page turner, despite the fact that the writing in the female character's journal got on my last nerve.  It was truly the journal of a 16 year old girl, even though you later find out that this is part of the story.  The writing however, never improves!  Be that as it may, the first half was well developed, credible and interesting.Then you get to the second half.  Oh my, what to say about the second half.  It continues to be a page turner but not in the way you would think.  You keep wanting to turn the page to see if the foolishness of the story line can somehow be saved.  Alas, it cannot.  The story continues to become more implausible and finally explodes in a spectacular display of absurdity.My other problem with this book was the portrayal of the female character.  ***SPOILER ALERT***: In the first half, she is a pushover, mousy wife who will put up with anything to hold on to her husband because she is so desperate for a man.  In the second half, she's a psychotic, conniving witch who outsmarts everyone but does it because,... yes, you guessed it, she will do anything to hold on to her husband because she is so desperate for a man. And remember, this is a portrayal of a woman by a female author.  Between the portrayal of women by other women in this book and 50 Shades of Grey, all ll I can say is, God help us all.I give it three stars because I finished it and the first half was good.  But the positives end there.  I think I'll take a break from best sellers for a while....
This great little thriller will never win a Big Book Award, but it entertains right down to the last page. It is best saved for those places where time passes slowly, the magazines are lousy and that copy of War and Peace you brought along just doesn't beckon. Gone Girl is clever enough to carry you right away from that middle coach seat you're in, the one by the lav, even when the occupant of the seat in front of you snaps his seat back into your knees, and the single remaining meal choice remaining is fish.M. Feldman
I thought the way Gone Girl: A Novel was told was very confusing...It took a long time to get into the characters and see where it was all leading...the ending was very disappointing...
I didn't see the end coming, it's always nice to have the ending unfold in an unexpected way.  Good writing.
Gone Girl was very interesting. I wanted to keep reading! The book held my interest through out! I could not believe the ending!
I heard lots of praise about this book, so I immediately bought it and started reading. I became quickly engrossed with it and simply could not stop reading. The characters are very well developed and the story is fast paced. I've read some reviews in which the readers found the ending disappointing, I did not. To me it seemed as a natural and logical conclusion that in the end the main characters were so entangled in their dysfunctional and highly toxic relationship (full of fear, distrust and hatred, but also ironically sincerity, because at last they have come to know and acknowledge the other one in the full dimension of their twisted selves) that they were completely trapped in it.
Don't miss this one; it's great.  It is filled with surprises that make it a fun read.  Not what I expected.
Great read...I loved the viewpoints..kept you reading and as trite as this sounds, you want to find out who done it..
Our book club chose this book because of the author..It sure kept me guessing!  I was shocked at the ending!!
It was a great read. One you put down to cook dinner and find yourself going back bargaining with yourself to do the fishes after a few chapters more.
Possible spoilers!The story of Nick, Amy, and an incredible deception.  Nick and Amy get married and seem perfect for one another.  Even though each has hang ups from their youths, these really do not surface until their lifestyles take a change.  When their world becomes rocky, the problems start, and the personalities and characters they have made themselves and everyone else believe, are lost. Both Nick and Amy begin to show a side that they themselves don't even want to believe exists.I found the book to be readable and engrossing. After I completed the book, I continued to ponder Nick and Amy and how they tried to be what family and society wanted them to be.  That in itself wasn't so difficult when there were jobs and friends and the feeling of success; but, like many others, when times become rough and the test of character is made, failures result. It was intriguing to see both turn into coniving individuals, of course, one much more so than the other.The ending, which was what most of the single star reviews hated about the book, was not a fairy tale ending, but life is not always a fairy tale. One review stated it was more of a Hitchcock ending.  I agree and I am a long time fan of Hitchcock, so even though the book didn't necessarily end as I would have liked, I do respect the author's ability and "guts" to do something different.
Enjoyed this book. It was something out of the ordinary. Would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a quick but engrossing story.
Fabulous book.  You think you know what's going on and then it all turns around on you.  Wonderful.  I couldn 't stop reading it.
Wow, this was quite an exciting and fun experience.  The twists and turns were thrilling.  I burst out loud laughing in parts.  I will definitely read everything this author writes.
I was a little disappointed in this story. Interesting characters at first, but the plot let me down - he said - she said - he said - she said. There was little familial love here the parents didn't really like the other parents, plus there was illness, one was richer than the other, etc. &#34;Go&#34; was my favorite. You know exactly where she stands and is always backing up her twin brother. About a third of the way through this book all I could think of was an old movie, &#34;The War of the Roses&#34;. You can look up the ending if you want, the book didn't end exactly that way, because here the wife outsmarts the husband. But I think that would have been a better ending. Neither of those two should hang around to make themselves and their families miserable.
This book was good until the last third. Then it actually became boring so I don't know what all the hype is about regarding how &#34;great&#34; it is.  Hope the movie will be more interesting.  It was an anticlimactic book.
This book started out slow for me but after a few chapters I was hooked. I looked forward to coming home from work so that I could read it.
I loved this book. All the twists are amazing. I could never figure out &#34;who did it&#34;. Highly recommend this book.
It's slow to start but you are hooked by part 2, there is a big twist! But I was hoping for more of an ending but it just kind of ends.
Psychological thriller indeed. Gone Girl is full of twists, turns and a curve ball. The book starts off slow until the engine hits the red line.I was riveted to this book, trying to figure what would take place next. The plot was excellent and the characters indescribable - perfect combination to create an amazing thriller.The mind games Gone Girl provided left me exhausted and exhilarated at the same time. I couldn't wait to see how the story would end - which caught me off guard completely.I enjoyed the descriptive writing Ms. Flynn provided - set the pace for the entire read.This book was definitely worth the attention it has received. You wont be able to put this book down, and the twists will have your attention without a doubt.
With many twists and turns.  It is off in many directions. What one thinks is happening turns out to be the other way around. The first part of the book sets the stage and the 2nd part is full of surprises.
I'm not sure how I feel about this book. Right away I liked it, husband comes home and his wife is missing. I liked how it was written: one chapter from the husbands POV (Nick) told starting from the time his wife Amy goes missing, then next chapter was from Amy's diary chronicling their relationship from several years before and leading up to the time she goes missing.Then I started part 2 of the book and it all went downhill from there. Trying not to spoil anything but I felt cheated. A major character turns out to CRAZY and half of what I'd just read wasn't even "true"...what??? Cheap writers trick if you ask me.Which leads me to part 3, the ending. HATED IT! Hated what happened to the crazy person, hated what the crazy person then did...and we are supposed to believe that these 2 people end up together in the end? Especially since one of them is crazy and evil and the other person knows it but feels trapped and accepts it? I don't think so. Just didn't make sense.OK, this is a SPOILER:In part 1 why does Nick keep describing Amy bleeding to death on the kitchen floor with her head bashed in? Drove me crazy!It was NEVER explained. Just plain only sloppy writing with the story going all over the place and making no sense whatsoever. The story earns 2 stars, but the book was an easy read and kept me going back for more, so I have it 3 stars for suspense.
It was fun figuring it out questioning reality throughout.  Not totally shocked or surprised at the outcome but satisfied with it overall.
I have no idea why this book is still on the best seller list.  The story line starts to prove interesting about half way through the book, but fizzles out at the end.  I was disappointed in the final resolution.  It has a surprising plot twist, but none of it is very realistic.  I would not recommend this book and regret my purchase of it.
If you haven't read "Gone Girl" and are somewhat confused by the reviews--which is not unlikely, since there always seem to be some who love a book or movie and some who hate it--perhaps the following will help:You'll probably like "Gone Girl" if you enjoy:  (1) A story with surprising twists.  (2) Alternating chapters written from two different characters' points of view.  (3) "Film noir."You'll probably give thumbs down to "Gone Girl" if you don't like:  (1) A story that doesn't have a major sympathetic character for you to identify with and root for, because it focuses on totally unlikable people.  (2) A relatively unhappy ending.  (3) Violence that is never brought to justice.For me, Agatha Christie ("Endless Night") did it better because she included at least one major character I liked and cared about (Ellie Guteman Rogers). And a final page that gave me chills.
I bought this book because of all the hype, but it didn't live up to that in my opinion. It was a good book, and not really as predictable as you might think, but it wasn't worth the price to me. It was still good, though.
This powerful story begins with Nick Dunne and his wife, Amy, in their days as newlyweds in Brooklyn, New York.They seem relatively happy and the type of characters that readers can relate to. Then their jobs are lost when magazines begin eliminating positions due to the economic downturn.Nick gets a message from his twin sister Margo, nicknamed, "Go."  She was back in Nick's hometown of North Carthridge, Missouri, caring for their parents, whose health was deteriorating.To help his sister and have something positive to do, he moves back to Missouri, against Amy's wishes.He opens a bar and is well respected in his hometown. In the meanwhile, Amy increases her resentment. Nick is getting all of the attention and she doesn't like that she's had to move away from the creative atmosphere of New York.On their fifth anniversary, Amy disappears.There is an initial outpouring of sympathy for Nick but as law enforcement begins looking into his story, his innocence comes into question.In alternating chapters we read of Amy's diary and see their relationship falling apart. Then we read that Amy was sick of being the 'good wife' and had something in mind. She becomes transformed from "Amazing Amy," to a woman who catches her husband doing something wrong and wants revenge. In the other chapters, we see Nick's reaction to his wife's disappearance and begins to see what is really happening, but can he get anyone to believe him?Who to blame?  The author does an excellent job of describing the fault of both parties and lets us see how it changes their lives.
I've been wanting to read Gone Girl for quite sometime. It was one of the best-selling books of 2012 and several people I know read it and loved it. Being a fan of thrillers, I expected this novel to be fantastic. Boy, was I disappointed. It took 140 pages for anything vaguely unpredictable or interesting to happen in Gone Girl. And the first 140 pages made me happy the girl was gone. I don't know about you, but I don't have a ton of free time. I'm used to excellent thrillers by authors like Harlan Coben that grab me from the first page and never let go. I'm also used to reading about characters I can relate to and therefore care about. This book failed miserably on both counts. While the last third of it was mildly compelling, it didn't make up for the first two thirds being mediocre. And as many people have pointed out, the ending was unsatisfactory and lacked closure. While I'm glad I finished Gone Girl, I don't plan on reading anymore novels by this author. This book, just like the girl, are better off gone.
At first, Flynn's writing was too New York cool: quick; acerbic; disjointed, and just a little bit hard to follow. Once you tuned in to that style, you tuned into her characters...because they were too! The plot was clever, the pace rapid, and frankly I found my heart pounding at the characters' travails (I won't tell you which one). The book was a demanding page turner, and at the end, I'm still wondering who won? The title was cleverly yet subtlely apt, and I found myself, even at the very last page, wondering who was actually "gone!" And not physically.
The sign that Mystery/ Thriller is doing it's job - you keep saying "One more chapter". Gillian Flynn has crafted a true "page turner". It is one of the more inventive plots I've read in the genre. The story starts on Nick and Amy Dunne's 5th wedding anniversary when Amy goes missing. The alternating narrative in the first half of the book, between Nick in the present and Amy's diary, is very effective. The characters are dark. The plot twist spin your head until the final paragraph. The writing is top notch. Ms. Flynn deserves her perch atop the NYT bestseller list. OUTSTANDING!!!!
I was so excited to read this book; but it was a true letdown. About 200 pages could have been eliminated. I felt it kept dragging and dragging and then you would get some moments of suspense and intrigue. It is a unique plot, no doubt. I felt Ms. Flynn just didn't know how to end it; or I just didn't get her ending message.
Failed journalist Nick comes home to find his beautiful wife Amy missing and all clues pointing to him as her murderer. A good beginning for a fine thriller, except the mystery is short-lived as the reasons for Amy's disappearance are all too quickly revealed. Although there is some tension as the not-too-bright protagonist struggles to outwit his almost impossibly clever adversary, the book  soon begins looking less like  work of fiction than a thinly disguised essay on the differing male and female views of marriage. It ultimately ends on an entirely false note as the protagonist proves far too spineless, and the antagonist far too omniscient, than can readily be believed.
An original thriller with twist that will leave you questioning weather the ending is a happy one or a just one.
Well written, with well-developed characters. A plot full of suspense and surprising twists keeps you uncertain and interested until nearly the end of the story. What I liked especially was that there's more to this book than the story, itself. There's genuine food for thought about relationships and the dark recesses of the human psyche. I enjoyed it.
Definitely deserving of it's status in the Best of 2012.  Gillian Flynn writes with razor-sharp insights into these deeply troubled, hateful but somehow lovable characters.  The mystery is intriguing, the plotting ingenious, the research excellent, but what I liked best of all was the examination of one of society's most revered institutions:  marriage.  As well, the social commentary and satire of America's media culture had me in stitches at times.  It seems the author allowed herself to have a great deal of fun with this novel.  I have already ordered her first two novels and hope to enjoy them.  Although she states that she didn't structure this book to allow for a sequel, I for one beg Gillian Flynn to revisit our deeply disturbed duo.
Gillian Flynn&#8217;s Gone Girl explodes with expert pacing.  The author instantly hooks you in, developing the primary characters and their troubled relationship.  Every note rings true.  Using first person narration from both perspectives, we&#8217;re ushered into the inner lives of Nick and Amy Dunne.  The mystery ignites when Amy goes missing and chilling clues suggest she met a violent fate.  Suspects are seamlessly introduced and the stakes get higher and higher when all signs begin pointing to Nick as the culprit.  It&#8217;s intense and gripping.But then, after a couple hundred pages, there&#8217;s The Reveal&#8230;To say things go off the rails would be an understatement; things go off the rails, fall off a cliff, collide with a nuclear power plant, and spur an unsolvable catastrophe as fallout douses the reader thirty miles downwind.As a reviewer, I can&#8217;t spoil any surprises, so I&#8217;ll tread lightly.  But in order for this character to have coordinated everything he or she planned would require such diabolical cunning, that it strains credulity.  This character (whoever he or she may be) would have to be Hannibal Lecter meets Emperor Palpatine meets the entire cast of Ocean&#8217;s Eleven poured into one cranium.  Laughably outlandish.There&#8217;s intricate plotting and then there&#8217;s Rube Goldberg plotting.  This is Rube Goldberg plotting.I can&#8217;t not recommend the novel though.  It&#8217;s a page turner, big time.  It beats a four hour marathon of Honey Boo Boo by a long shot.  With so many soporific books in the marketplace, Gone Girl is a refreshing, deep, and exciting indulgence.  But very, very far-fetched.
Nick, small-town boy from Missouri, moved to New York to become a journalist, and he was doing reasonably well working for a magazine when he met Amy, the daughter of two psychologists who were also children's book authors. They fell hard for each other and were married, and everything was great, more or less. Then the economy tanked and print journalism was spiraling downward anyway, and Nick was laid off. And then Amy was laid off, though she hadn't really had much of a "serious" job anyway. Then news comes that Nick's mother has terminal cancer and that makes up his mind for him; they're moving back to Missouri. And while it's a somewhat depressing homecoming for him, it's a trek into the wilds of the hinterland for native-New Yorker Amy. Nick and his twin sister, Margo, buy a bar (with the last of Amy's trust fund) and they try to scrape by.Then, one day, Nick comes home to find the front door standing open, the house partly in a mess (and partly, strangely, untouched), and Amy is gone. Was she kidnapped? Fled? Nick has various personal issues and he's not entirely straight with the police, which doesn't help. And we begin reading installments of Amy's diary over the past five years of their marriage, and it tells a very different story of their relationship from what we've been hearing from Nick.All well and good, right? But there are major problems lurking ahead with this book. As the first half of the story progresses, you begin gradually to wonder who's telling the truth. Is Amy simply wearing blinders? Is Nick going to turn out to be a very unreliable narrator? Is someone -- or everyone -- being set up? And then you come to almost exactly the halfway point, . . . and in less than a page the entire story has been turned on its head. Nobody is who you thought they were. The sudden new course the plot steers is Hitchcockian in its ability to knock you completely off balance. And, to be honest, I sat there for a moment trying to decide whether I wanted to finish the book or just chuck it across the room (metaphorically, anyway since I was reading it on my Kindle).Finally, I figured, well, there's a whole half a book left, who knows what new turn the story will take? And Flynn's first two novels were absolutely first-rate. And I could think of several possible justice-filled endings that might satisfy me, knowing what I now knew, so I took a deep breath and kept on going. I got maybe another hundred pages into it -- and I can't reveal what happens without ruining the book for you. But I found myself putting the book aside for a day, or two, or three, and reading something else. I wondered if finishing it was worth the time. I have a feeling a really bizarre ending to the whole story is looming, and you know what? I don't care. There's not a single character in this book -- not Nick, not Amy, not his father, not either of her parents, not the idiot Missouri cops, not Amy's redneck acquaintances at the cabin, not the various stalkers (or whatever) -- for whom I can feel the least bit sympathetic. Maybe Margo, a little. And maybe their cancer-ridden mother. But none of the others. They're not even interesting villains. And if you can't find a character in the book who's worth reading about, why the hell bother?Flynn is a first-rate craftsman when it comes to putting the words together, and I will wait patiently for her next book and I will give it a try. Because every author is entitled to one literary disaster, and this is Flynn's.
The book is certainly engaging.  I read it on vacation this week, and it kept my attention in the airport, on the plane, and while waiting to be picked up for my tour.  The problem as the book winds down is that the characters are so loathsome that you feel like you need to take a shower for having spent so much time with them.Amy is a psychopath, and making her a hero is just wrong.  I finished this book and wanted to throw it in the trash for that reason alone.
There are many angry female writers out there convinced evil American men are out to get them (except for those who are dumb enough to publish their novels) and this novel is merely a descent into typical post-modern radical madness. There is no "war on women" but there is clearly a war on men. And to think the writer has the audacity to write from a male point-of-view! But that's not the worst of it. The worst--the writing is horrible. You can find that out for yourself with the "take a look" feature. Don't waste your time or money on this mindless tripe. Read Winnie the Pooh instead.
very bizarre and unexpected ending. although one of the most twisted things I have ever read, it was near impossible to stop turning the pages. crazy.
Like any Grisham book, starts out with a bang, then the story loses steam and eventually the ending lacks the punch the beginning did. Very well written, great premise, well executed, the ending however, did leave a lot to be desired, but since that was such a small part of the book, didn't really interfere with the enjoyment of reading.
The story ended abruptly, as though someone had ripped out the last chapter from the book.I felt like my time was wasted.
The story unfolded expertly in Ms Flynn's more-than-capable hands.  You vacillate from love to hate and back to love with these unique fully realized characters and the very intricate situation the author has created and so deftly plays out.  Guaranteed to hook you... I honestly can't remember the last time I was glued to a chair and didn't move til I turned the final page.  Well done!
I really enjoyed this book.  It had a lot of twist and turns and was well written.  The book's ending was rather abrupt but not as bad as other reviewers.Good read.
It was fun becoming immersed in this page-turner.Like many novels it requires suspension of disbelief (obviously nobody is going to be arrested for murder after their wife is missing for a week or so - no body) but it was worth it because the book was so engaging and entertaining. The story had two (often unreliable) narrators - the husband and wife - and I got a kick out of the husband (Nick) who was a first person male narrator the way a woman would perceive the thought processes of a man to be. I'm used to male writers writing as female narrators; but this character was uniquely gratifying (and well wrought).
Gone Girl is a psychological study of a husband and wife, each writing from their own perspective (i.e. in the first person).  It turns out that what they write is not always quite what happened or what happened at all.  The mystery is more about what is real and what is staged than about who did what to whom.I think it's brilliantly done.  A book you won't forget in a hurry!
If I were going to write a effusive review of GONE GIRL, I might wax rhapsodic about a plot that unfolds like a Bach fugue, taking a simple theme and expanding on it, introducing variations, interweaving lines in intricate counterpoint and taking so many twists and turns I almost, but never quite, forget the tune. So melodic that I hum along even when it shifts from major to minor key and back again.I might marvel and wonder at characters imbued with so much richness and detail I feel I know them more intimately than my best friends, my spouse. Until they surprise me into realizing I don't know them any better than they know themselves. Characters who draw me in so completely that I love and hate them in turn as their stories, and psychoses, are revealed.I could effervesce over wit as dry and sharp as a desert cactus, leavening the dark, mean and nasty corners of the human mind with just enough light and warmth to keep me turning the pages and wanting more.I might even admit to lusting after Flynn's lush and lustrous prose, jaw-dropping writing that nonetheless follows Elmore Leonard's advice and never gets in the way. A facility for language that leaves me greening to write that well (yet never wishing to be her--the stuff in Flynn's head is way too scary).My books won't win any awards this year--GONE GIRL is too damn good. It certainly doesn't need a review from me to draw attention to it. And a practical review might include such things as what the book's about (read the jacket copy) and if it's okay for your teenage daughter to read (definitely not). Besides, if someone really asked me to write a review, I could do it with a single word--brilliant.1. shining brightly; sparkling  2. vivid; intense  3. very splendid or distinguished  4. having or showing keen intelligence, great talent or skill, etc. (Mirriam Webster New World Dictionary)Brilliant. That is all.
This book delivers all the suspense and surprises hoped for in a thriller. Told alternately from the perspectives of the two main characters, a married couple named Nick and Amy. Little in this book is as it first appears, but the author does a great job of making each twist seem believable and realistic. This story is an in-your-face reminder that no matter how well you know someone, you never know them completely. It's easy to see why this story has become so immensely popular. I imagine there are a whole lot more people out there these days, sneaking a glance at their partner across the room and wondering what secrets they may not know.Michael Travis Jasper, Author of the Novel "To Be Chosen"
I really enjoyed this book and will probably go back and read some others by her. A quick, entertaining and thrilling book.
First things first: that cover. WOW, THAT COVER. I am such a sucker for a good cover.Second things come second but might have come first: that title. AMAZING TITLE.So it has an amazing title and cover but then what? FREAKING amazing PLOT, that&#8217;s what.The mystery and intrigue are brilliantly delivered in perfect prose.There is not one thing wrong with this book.
I was anxious to get to the end since i had read reviews and knew I would be pissed when I got there but I didn't expect like this. The book was very good until the ending which to me wasn't a ending at all. It could have went in so many directions but went no where and as good as the novel was if it was an actual book and not on my kindle I would have thrown it. I would say more and actually analyze what I took from it and the characters but I don' t want to take away from anyone else.I still give it 4 stars because it does keep you engaged.
No opinion  haven't read book as of yet, I ordered it by mistake then had to; cancel as I was meaning to buy another book below it.
Great story with twists and turns throughout. Picked it up and could not put it down. Would recommend to all.
this is a very well written story and I cannot say liked it because I just wanted to strangle the main characters.  Having just finished the book, I need to have the sequel to find out if they make it through their marriage.  Read it.
I saw a review of this book in a magazine and thought I'd give it a try.  It is a great psycho-thriller and takes twists and turns that the reader certainly does not suspect.  Critics may say, correctly, that the story is far-fetched and that the main characters are not very likeable, but I thoroughly enjoyed the ride into their twisted story!  A real page-turner!
Many turns some believable other not.  Read it for both of my book clubs and some were really into it.  The other club did not like it at all
I'm still trying to figure out how I feel about the ending of this book but I give it 5 stars because it took me on a wild and entertaining ride. The main characters were smart and somewhat relatable. There were a number of plot twists and I appreciate the author offering explanations for some of the more questionable plot points. I like how the author swapped back and forth between Nick and Amy's narratives. And just when you thought you knew where the book was heading, Gillian Flynn pulled the rug out from under you. Highly recommend this one even if the ending isn't 100% satisfying.
Innovative way to tell a story with a lot of twists and turns. I found it difficult to stop reading once I started.
this is a crazy ride through the relationship of even crazier people. you need a seat belt for this one.
Talk about mind-blowing.  I am not much of a mystery reader and had in fact determined I would not read this book.  I am incredibly glad I changed my mind.  Gillian Flynn has written a story so warped you have to keep reading, and when it ends you expect there is yet more to unravel.  Looking forward to recommending this as often as I can.
The snap-crackling pace and "hipster" vibe make this a "gripping" read - at least for the first half.  Nick and Amy are two main characters you'll love to hate. They're narcissistic and annoying. But that makes the disasters that befall them even better.  Nick's twin sister, "Go"(short for Margo) is a sarcastically fun and acid tongued side-kick.  Rand and Marybeth, Amy's whackadoodle parents, remind me of Les and Les, the kooky upstairs neighbors from the "Mary Tyler Moore" show. Amy is either a social climber or a sociopath in a Tory Burch dress.  By the end you'll know which.Things rock along for a while.Then Flynn falls prey to that vast Sahara Desert of narrative known as "the middle". Even a couple of gimmicky plot twists can't bolster the sags. What starts out as creepy and clever devolves into a "Lifetime" movie by the end.  Oh well, gotta meet those deadlines. Right?I'll give it three stars.  It's entertaining. At the very least, you'll be in the loop at the next book club discussion.
The mind of a sociopath at work for her own end.  The way she is able to recreate herself for every person and situation in her life.  But the fact that she was unable to recognize it in someone obsessed with her and actually went to him for help is very ironic.  The ending line was absolutely perfect...she thought she had everything back where she wanted it but realized that she didn't.
This was not my fave for sure.Most people I know enjoyed it, but it was not for me. Too many crazy twists and turns. Very unrealistic!!
Wow. I really liked this book. There were so many twists and turns to really keep you reading to find out how this crazy at times story ended. I totally recommend this book.
Written in the slow and descriptive prose style reminiscent of early Faulkner, the story has surprising twists that unravel with new details revealing characters that are all inherently unlikable.
For the most part, the reviews of Gillian Flynn's novel refer to the perplexing relationship of a married couple. Instead of focusing on the relationships, I want to mention the writing structure of "Gone Girl." As the story unfolds, it breaks two usual rules of fiction writing mean to satisfy readers.Rule 1.  Readers need to empathize with the protagonist. Flynn does not give the readers a dog in this fight. Who the protagonist depends on where the reader is in the story.Rule 2. The story has a satisfying outcome. Flynn dodged writing a clich&eacute; conclusion. Saying more gives away the ending.The readers' reaction to this novel, from my point of view, depends on their subjective view of marriage. (Although I did not consider murder, many times I wished my mate had also vanished as did the wife in the story.) And, whether the reader needs a novel to follow the traditional storyline to consider it good.I found Flynn's tale delicious and believe her book should be required reading for Fiction Writing courses as an example of creative plotting
Up to the end of the book..Gillian Flynn had me..and I was loving the chapters and how Amy wove that convoluted way she manipulated Nick..but he wasn't an attentive husband..but she was EVIL..and worked so hard to make it HER WAY.The ending SUCKED!!!I was never so disappointed in an outcome of a book..and while they are making the movie..PLEASE change the ending..She deserved to get caught..
This book was getting so many rave reviews, so I had to read it. It took me a month to read the first quarter because it was slow and I didn't understand what all the hype was about. I kept putting it down to read other books, but kept picking it back up in hopes that a miracle would happen and that I would actually like this book. Then suddenly a quarter of the way in... I was hooked and I could not put this book down! It may have taken me a month to read the beginning, but only one evening to finish it! This book is insane, sick and wonderful!!! I LOVED THIS BOOK!!!
The book was a page turner, well written, and all around fun to read! Not sure how I liked the ending though...
There has been so much buzz about this book that I had to see what the hype was all about. The book is divided into three sections and I found the first two to be exciting. The final section and ending of the book was more than disappointing, it was the worst way to cap off the investment of my time. The end of the book felt so out-of-place with the first 80% that I wouldn't be surprised if someone else wrote it. &#34;Gone Girl&#34; will now be turned into a movie, which I think is great. BUT...I'm hoping (and strongly encouraging) the author to write a different ending. PLEASE!!!!
It's a great book that pulls you in and leaves you hanging at the end of each chapter. I love how the chapters are set up: his perspective then hers. It's a great read that I suggest to anyone who loves a mystery.
I couldn't get enough of this book!  Loved the twists and turns.  It takes a lot to keep my interest and this one I could not put down.  Took it on a cruise and couldn't wait to get back to my room to read it! :) LOL!  I guess I could've saved some money on the cruise and just lounged at my pool with this book!
Right from the very start I was hooked by Gone Girl and as is the way with a good mystery, you can never assume that you know where it's going because it's filled with twists and turns that will keep you moving from one page to the next. Gillian Flynn has a great writing style and her characters are perfectly and realistically twisted. A real page turner.
The best mystery I've read in a long time. There were many surprising plot twists, but all were plausible and well-done. But the most fascinating part of the boo in my mind is Flynn's dissection of popular concepts of long-term relationships. I don't want to include any spoilers, so I'll say no more. I like Natalie's review a lot, though, so if you haven't read this yet and want more detail, see: [...]
This book I could not put down. So many turns and surprises I had no idea what was next. Really a fast read. Crazy marriage and crazy characters , really quite shocking.
For me the book was good but drug out a little too long for me.  Good suspense through although I was feeling the story tire towards the end
I didn't care for it at first then I did get into it some it's really twisted and screwed up!
I think I might be in the minority when I say I didn't love this book, but I didn't love this book. I despised the two main characters. I kept trying to find something about Nick and Amy to love, or even to like, or just something to tolerate. And I found NOTHING! Nothing about either character. The book would have gotten one star if not for the story. The story was interesting and the bit players were likable. Go was a twin sister who just wanted to believe in her brother but was caught up in the evidence. Boney was a good cop in a small town who also wanted to believe in Nick. Amy's parents were just plain weird. This book took me forever to read too. I just got bogged down in it. The story was interesting, but I just didn't really care how it ended since I didn't like the main characters.
This book changed my opinion of 1st person POV. Part one took me in one direction, and then immediately in part two the rug was whipped out from under my feet. I am now reading her other novel, sharp objects.There is a reason this has lingered on the best sellers lists for so long. Read it.
I refuse to spoil this book for readers, and so I won't say too much. Twists and turns. A seemingly perfect marriage that is really built on a mountain of dysfunction. Unreliable narrator and/or narrators. Words like buttah. Uncomfortable moments of recognition about my own expectations.There was a moment in the middle when I thought the writer was taking a wrong turn to a less interesting story. I was the one who was wrong! Want to recommend this book to ... everyone.
This was a very fast-paced, excellent read.  I was hooked from the opening chapter and loved how the story played out.  The book is well-written and does a nice job of getting into both of the main characters' heads.  Even though there were a few times when the plot dipped into the 'this can't possibly happen in real life' realm, most of the time it was very believable.I'll admit that I wasn't impressed with Ms. Flynn's book &#34;Sharp Objects&#34;; however, this book proves that she is a very talented author.
Bought this book because of the hype it was getting and found a great deal online. I must say the hype is warranted, loved this book.
Great read. Once you start it hard to put it down. Look forward to reading other books by this author.
I gave this book 5 stars because it is just darned good! BUT...along with that goes this I HATED THE ENDING!!!! It just was SO UNFAIR! I wont spoil it, but if you should decide to read it, be prepared for a whirlwind roller coaster ride of emotions and late night reading!!
I couldn't put this book down once I started it.  The plot really held my interest and I couldn't wait to see how it was resolved.  Well written characters and great twists throughout.  What an amazing mind Gillian Flynn has to put this all together.
Very well written. Enjoyed the story which kept me going up to the end. Unsatisfying ending unless the only intent is to lay the groundwork for a follow-up. If that's the case, it is possible to do that without leaving the reader feeling as if their investment of time was wasted. Or maybe the intent was to show how perfect the characters are for each other in their own demented way. I don't know I just felt a bit cheated. I would read another book by the author however. She does understand the craft as well as how to engage the reader.
Man!!! What a great writer! I was pulled in immediately. Mostly because the style was unique, but as I kept reading I realize I was having definite emotional reactions about the characters and their actions.Very good. Read in 2 days.
If there is such a thing!  I love Gillian Flynn's books.  She's a wonderful writer with a vast knowledge and ready wit. Can't wait to see the film.
I did not read this book for a long time because I read a lot of reviews complaining about the ending.  There is nothing I hate more than reading a good book with a displeasing ending.  This book did not turn out to be that because it was just an okay book with an okay ending.  I think it helped that I was prepared for a bad ending.  This book took a long time to pick up.  I was 47% through before the plot finally began to unfold.  When it did the book was just okay.  The beginning was hard to get through because the author was doing a lot of character development, which I did not need.  Sometimes the mark of a good book is that it leaves an impression on you, good or bad.  This book did not leave an impression on me.  I feel the author led you to the ending she wrote.  I read this book out of curiosity.  If you are curious like me I would recommend looking for something else.  It's not worth it.
I enjoyed this book very much, I found it hard to put down. There were many surprises and the ending was especially surprising.
I was *very* excited to read Gillian Flynn's novel Gone Girl after loving her previous two books, Sharp Objects and Dark Places. I was a little surprised at the difference in terms of style and story, but not surprised at the way that Flynn weaves an insightful psychological thriller. Is she a writer or a pscyhologist?  Is she a psychologist or a mind reader -- delving into people's innermost thoughts and extracting them for analyzation?The pages flew by as I read about Nick and Amy, their romance and their marriage as they tell their stories. They are fascinating, FASCINATING, complex characters. They are reflective and deep and this is shown in their thoughts and behavior.The story at times mirrors the Scott and Laci Peterson saga, with a missing wife and a suspect yet charming husband. I love how Flynn puts a magnifying glass up to the media and to the public. One small misstep, one wrong word can be construed as proof of guilt.I kept guessing and second guessing and then guessing some more as I delved deeper into the couple's marriage, their memories, their opinions. I wondered if I could rely on any of the narrations, on anything that was presented to me. I worried about Nick and if he would go to jail for a crime he didn't commit. Because he couldn't have murdered his wife, could he? If so, then how and why? What led up to it? If not, then what happened to her? Who in Nick and Amy's life could have wanted to cause her harm?  I worried about Amy.  Was she dead?  When would we find out?  These questions had me turning pages late into the night.Part of me was frustrated with the ending, but I also feel that it was an interesting and logical way to end.What is behind their marriage, their troubles, their motivations is intriguing. It's a sad, spellbinding tale of wanting to feel loved, of revealing yourself, of psychopathy. Open it up and dive in.
This novel was selected for a book club I attend. We could NOT stop talking about it! I don't want to risk any spoilers but it starts slow and has a twist in the middle that will make you never want to put the book down! GREAT read!
I bought this book because of the reviews and the high rating in People Magazine. I will think twice before letting my opinion be swayed this way again. The story started out so slow and it took me almost to the middle of the book to get involved. Once I did, it was easier reading. The problem, however, was that I didn't care for either of the two main characters. When the reader has no emotional investment in the characters, there is no passion on the reader's part to root for anyone. Both the husband and the wife were not likable people, (but then, the author wanted you to not like them, I'm sure). It is not my favorite way of navigating through a story though, as I want to be invested in the characters and actually care about what happens to them -- that is what drives and motivates a reader to keep reading! I could not have cared less about the characters, what would happen or how it would end. Also, why does the author find it so important to put in so much smut language? That is not intelligent writing and it surely isn't an intelligent book. This goes to the library, not to be saved by me.
I put off reading this book for awhile because it didn't seem something I would be interested in, but I kept seeing it on the best seller list-week after week. I finally bought it and couldn't put it down!Great story, well told and an interesting commentary on modern relationships. Although, I hope there aren't many people like Amy out there. I was a little disappointed in the ending, I felt like Amy should have been brought to justice and realistically I think the Police would have developed the forensics to prosecute her. Great character and a book I want forget for awhile..Migraman
This book was great. It was a little slow at the beginning, but once it picked up, it didn't stop! I highly recommend this book. Now I'm ready for the movie (starring Ben Affleck) to come out :-)
Story is gripping the language at times is crude While the story is intriguing I would not call it a classic
I had read the first half and was ready to stop reading.  I read the start of the second half and from then on I couldn't put the book down.  If you like a fiction thriller, this is a good one.Mike M.
It's very difficult to finish the book since the characters poulating it are pretty aweful. They deserve each other. I wish I hadn't  wasted my time
It only goes to show book critics tastes don't represent the general public.  I want storytelling's that draws me into it and has me interested in what happens to the characters.  This book did neither.
From beginning to end, this book held my interest.  The ending was certainly a surprise to me.  It is a must read book.
I have to admit, the first part of the book dragged and not a whole lot happened.  From the beginning we know the wife is missing...and the unraveling of events seems very predictable and ho-hum.  You think you have it all figured out.  Part 1 drags... BUT STICK WITH IT!  As the book goes on, you are given new bits of information that leave you thinking "Oh!" as a light bulb goes off in your head.  By Part 2 of the book, I was thoroughly engrossed and could not put it down.  The book takes you in a completely different direction and you can't even fathom where the author is going with it.  The book begins moving very quickly, and the end of each chapter leaves me dying to know what will happen next. Brilliant!
Predictable start, surprising twist, tepid ending.I love a thriller - and Lee Child, Ruth Rendell, etc. have provided me many a blissful reading moment.  In "Gone Girl", the author gives us a stock-standard start as happens in many a breaking-news item: wife disappears (Amy), finger points to the sneaky-looking husband (Nick), the police/ media/ reality-show-loving public have a field day joining the dots to the arrest of the husband.  It is True Crime masquerading as a Reality Show.Therefore, I admit to having waded through the story where the husband is trying to claim his innocence, all the while showing little-to-no interest in his missing wife. He throws in a few bombshells e.g. about his activities and interests, including lack of a reliable alibi.  During this part of the book, I put the book down many times, hoping not only that there would be a twist, but that it would be worthwhile.Then came the twist - thank goodness, or I may not have finished the book.  And it led to an ending that I thought was too clever for me.  So when I read with interest a number of readers' comments on this page, I found that many of them were similarly disappointed by the ending.Gillian Flynn has been quoted in EW online saying that she didn't write it as an open ending to set up a sequel.  But the ending "... was the only thing that made sense to me, that made sense to what was true to the book and true to the characters. ... (Some content removed to avoid spoiler). She's Amazing Amy!"And, "I sought different ways to end it, and that one was the one I kept coming back to that felt the way those two would quote work out their issues."  Hmmm. Still did not satisfy me.  After investing in reading 430+ pages, I wish the author had a definite conclusion in mind and execution.
Well written.  Although the outcome appears obvious halfway through, the writer still holds your attention and interest.  Not the usual mystery.
Couldn't put this book down...the characters were not niceor likeable but they grabbed you deep into the story.  The author has a gifted way of putting things...every feeling has a smell, every smell an emotion.  Good book.
My daughter who does not enjoy fiction recommended this book to me and I had my doubts.  Once I got into it and was able to keep track of who was doing what to who, I had to get to the end rather quickly.  It was a very enjoyable ride and am looking forward to read another one of MS Flynn's books.  Spent many years in law enforcement and this would have been one hell of a challange to try to work on.  The detectives in this novel unfortunately were out of their league.
Brilliant twists and turns make this book hard to put down. The story is fast paced and told in a radically different manner. It is really enjoyable to see an erring husband getting his just punishment until things turn.
Intriguing book.....just when you decided to pull for one of the characters to win out something changed your mind! Kept me interested until the last word.
I was never able to feel any compassion for any of the characters, especially the main ones.  There was nothing uplifting about the story - just a &#34;downer,&#34;
After all of the hype about this "fantastic" book, I couldn't wait to read it. Then after I read it, I wondered why I had wasted my time. I really hated the story-line.
I had a feeling these characters deserved each other. Not too far fetched at all. Great psychological insight. The author really pieces together this intricate piece very seamlessly. The format used is different yet easy to follow. She did a great job. It's fresh, interesting & completely sick.
First of all it could have been a GREAT book suspense etc. But the ending OMG seriously anyone who says this book is sooo great and amazing etc must think that being in a messed up relationship is cool! I read this book because it was recommended by my sister. I thought okay she has good taste. After I was finished, and from someone who reads quite a bit it was hard to finish this, I called her to say WHY did you do that to me. She started laughing saying someone told her to read it as a mean joke too. This book is about a deranged psycho girl who needs to grow up and realize everything isnt about her. She is not happy in her marriage and realizes her hubby is cheating and takes matters into her own hands. No, not like a mature adult by just leaving, and no, not like a bitter wife who wants to take more then half. Ohh no, she fakes her kidnapping then frames a friend that tried to help after her web of lies her for murder. But that's not the best part this IDIOT stays with her. Ohh the pathetic we really love each other BS. I will only recommend this book to someone who I don't like or who I want to play a joke on and make them waste their time.
Don't want to give away any spoilers, so all I will say is read this book NOW!  This is an edge of your seat twister that really satisfies. I've already cast the whole thing in my head: How about Gwyneth Paltrow and Bradley Cooper??
I put hours into this book which had mant twists and turns but was very disappointed with the ending. Left me wondering
I purchased this book on my kindle after reading the good reviews on Amazon.  I am an avid reader and enjoy a variety of genres.  What I enjoyed most about this book was all of the churning my brain was doing trying to figure out WHO is the protagonist in the book!  Strangely enough, I didn't LIKE any of the characters, but that didn't really matter - I wanted to know what was going to happen to these people.The book is written from the point of view of the husband and wife (in diary format in the first part of the book).  The author does a good job of making you dislike a character for a chapter (hence, making you like another) and then flipping it around in the next chapter.  You never quite know who you are &#34;rooting for&#34;.  Love that angle.SPOILER (don't read unless you want to know part of the ending):  Unlike others, I really like how the book ended.  I thought those two messed up people deserved each other.  Strangely, I liked that the wife didn't go to jail for murder (heck, that happens in every book - this one was different!), but they each got some of their own punishment by being together.  I think the kid will likely be messed up too.  Good thing it is a book! haha!
Book club book.  Great writing.  I definitely wanted to get to the end to find out how it would end, so she kept me guessin.  I was worn out, however, about the very sad characters.  Became drawn out and a bit depressing.  I would hate to have anything to do with Amy and Nick, which means that the author definitely brought them to life.  Liked the twists and turns.  I would read more or her work.
This book took me for a ride.  Skip the spoilers and just give it a try.  It was a fast read that kept me guessing.
This is one hell of a dark story. I can't say much without spoiling the many twists and turns. It's definitely worth reading, but be prepared not to like either main character much!
Mystery-drama books usually aren't my cup of tea, but this book was great! It kept me turning the pages all the way through it. I would definately agree with many of the other reviews that say the ending is a HUGE disappointment! Seems like Miss Flynn ran out of inspriation over the last couple chapters. The book was so suspensful and then it just teatered off right up to the last page. If the ending would have matched the rest of her writing throughout the book I would have awarded it 5 Stars.
No clear ending! I don't like that! I needed someone to win!!!  Now what?  I wanted Nick to get out of this with his baby.
This book keep me on my toes one minute I was pissed off at the characters the next loving them. The thing I will take away from this book is when we stop trying to be out best self we lose out, life stop being good and trys to crap in our eyes. It when both of these characters stop trying to be there best self life turns to crap for them. I really enjoyed the book and already miss the crazy messed up life of Nick and Amy.
As I was reading Book 1 I thought to myself 'ho hum, same ole, same ole, I've read this all before'. Then the first bombshell appears in the opening of Book 2 (don't read ahead and spoil it for yourself). Then, just when you think you've got the character figured out and you have a solid feeling for the plot, Book 3 launches the third and final bombshell. I honestly didn't see any of these plot twists coming. A pleasant surprise. The only reason the book didn't receive 5 starts is completely a personal opinion - I found the ending disturbing. EXCELLENT read!
Boy and girl meet. Boy and girl fall in love. Boy and girl get married. Five years later, on their anniversary, girl goes missing and boy is the prime suspect. To tell you more would be to ruin all the fun, but if there's one thing you can be sure of when reading Gillian Flynn, it's that nothing is ever as it seems.It's almost impossible to write a more in depth synopsis of this book without giving away too much of the plot, so I'm going to leave it there. The surprises are the best parts of Flynn's work and I wouldn't want to ruin it for anyone.If you're a fan of Flynn's work, GONE GIRL will join the ranks of SHARP OBJECTS and DARK PLACES in your list of favorites. If you're new to Flynn, I envy the heck out of you. She's one of the authors I wish I could read again for the first time.
I don't know what it is about me and &#34;blockbuster&#34; books-but this one failed to grab me ( I was one of only a few in my circle not to get into the 50 shades, twilight and Harry Potter ones either!). I just didn't get it-I didn't care about the characters at all and struggled to finish the book. If asked to sum it up in one word-meh!
Bought this hardcover book as my development's book club is currently reading this.  I'm not even going to attend the next meeting as this was a story about two neurotic, self-centered people wasting their own lives with a bunch of nonsense. I'm not wasting anymore time with them! Sorry I read the book. Wish there was a '0' star rating available.
On the day of Nick and Amy's five year wedding anniversary Nick comes home to find the door ajar, the iron still on, but no Amy. Amy's typical anniversary gift to Nick includes a treasure hunt with small personal messages to help lead him to the next location and to the big present. When he finds the first clue she had left for him he begins to follow the clues and realizes that Amy had been trying to fix their fractured marriage, but it may have been too late.The alternating POV (from present time to a past entry in Amy's diary) absolutely killed this story for me. I've ready stories that were written in this same format before but for some reason this one caused me to develop ADD and I was being distracted by the tiniest things. I think I started and stopped this one at minimum a half a dozen times. Now despite this, I must say that it was an extremely detailed and well-written story, I just obviously lack the patience and focus to truly appreciate it.As far as the characters go, Nick in particular was a very hard read. I didn't find myself liking him or even feeling sorry for him; however, I suppose that's to be expected as the way it was written made him a very obvious suspect for the reason Amy went missing in the first place. But of course, it's hardly that simple. Once the story picked up, and Nick finally started to follow Amy's clues I got into it a lot more. And once the story hit the midway point and did a complete 180? I was enthralled. Unfortunately that feeling didn't last very long and I felt that the last half of the book was very disheveled and seriously crazy, and not in a good way.This is a stand alone novel so I expect a wrapped up ending that answers all of my questions and gives some semblance of a resolution for the characters. I'm not asking for it to be all tied up in a pretty bow or anything but at least don't leave me with out big wtf. Well, that's exactly what I got. By the end, the story seemed so unraveled to the point of being undetectable from the story that I originally started reading. Having a story surprise me and go a completely different direction is one thing, but that's not what happened here. Not a lot can be said without giving serious spoilers to the story but suffice it to say I failed to be impressed by the end. I do give this story credit for the intricate build-up even if the resolution was less than satisfactory.
This really was an awesome read.  The twists and turns are unpredictable and I'm very much looking forward the next book.
I found this book a little slow at first, but once it picked up speed I couldn't put it down. Several unique twists in the plot had me both loving and hating the characters, which is essentially what the novel is about;love and hate.
Want a book that has many twist/is twisted? This is your book. This is a good book club book as it is definitely a good discussion after.
Didn't give it 5 stars due to the way it ended... That's all I'm saying. The plot was good and it was well written
Very intriguing... Kept me guessing till the very end, and I always love that...hear there's a movie coming out in October--will be there opening weekend to see these sick, twisted characters, whom I loved and then hated, and then loved, and hated again -- come to life...&#128521;
I can't believe the book is over!! So unpredictable and so addicting. I was so emotionally invested in this book... and I was left furious! Can't believe the ending! Must read!
Just found it hard to sympathize with the characters.  Almost stopped reading halfway through, but then the storyseemed to pick up and I did finish it.  I have friends who have read and liked it and friends who have read it anddidn't like it.
Gripping, fascinating stuff for the first 75% but, alas, sputtered to a weak ending. Five stars for the first part, 1.5 for the rest. That said, except for the end, I don't think I've ever enjoyed a book so much with two such unlikable protagonists. Kept me turning the pages .. until the story died.
Lots of twists and the book kept me guessing all the way until the end! Can't wait for the movie to come out!
This Gillian gal has a very clever writing style, kept my interest the whole time.  I was disappointed by the end of the story, I wanted revenge! but hell it's good reading!  I recommend it to anyone, in fact, I have a friend who just started 2 days ago and it's about to finish it!!! (we're sharing notes and it's so much fun hearing his theories throughout the reading! LOL).
Really loved it, couldn`t but it down for two days. Suggest it to people who like thrillers and surprising endings :)
I really don't know how to feel... wow... just wow.... love it none the less..... what's next to read? Suggestions?
It was a completely engrossing and well written book that just turned gross and unrelatable. I've never read a book that started out SO amazing and intriguing that simply ended up leaving you with a bad taste in your mouth. It was as if the author, who had a great plot, felt she needed to TOP her original plot with what happens at the ending. By the end of it I disliked BOTH characters. If that's what the author was going for, then she accomplished it.
I can't believe how this story ends! I'm actually a bit disappointed on the ending but boy was this a thrilling read. The beginning was a bit slow but I couldn't believe how hard and fast the ride turned, this is a definite recommendation.
Part Scott & Laci Peterson, Nancy Grace, and Mean Girls.This book has it's own momentum, it gets you hooked and moving along and the plot continues to evolve and unfold itself.Finished the book in 10+ hours.  During I had to know what happened next, but after reading it. I feel like I watched a Lifetime movie.  No substance, just another way to pass the time.Great book for an airplane ride, or to kill time.Heard Director David Fincher is making a film about it. Piqued my interest.
If this book was the first book I had read by this author I would never have read another book by her. She does explore a topic, unsatisfied marriage, in a very unique way and does it with genius. The book fails in the end and leaves you wanting more, perhaps that is the point.
Keeps you guessing and the way the characters actually change is wonderful...Good book.  Can't wait for the movie to follow
This book was very intriguing and well writes. I am not sure why other readers are criticizing the ending - it is exactly fitting to the story and characters.  I recommend this book.
The idea behind this story is brilliant.  Unfortunately, the author did not do a good job of convincing us that it could have actually happened.  I was pulled in from the first page.  But once the plot twist was revealed, I quickly lost interest.  It seemed as if she was trying to fit the characters into the idea, rather than making them a true part of the story.  It just never quite reached the point of credibility.By the time I finished, I was more annoyed than entertained.  Nice try, but no cigar.
It kept me guessing throughout from the start. I did not want to put it down. I loved the ending!
I loved this book at first.  One of those that you don't want to put down.  It is a clever story and well written.  THEN YOU REACH THE END.  Did Ms. Flynn have someone else write the ending?  I have read books with lousy endings - but this is the ONLY book that the end made me ANGRY.  What a waste of time and potential.  I agree with others it seems Ms. Flynn did not take the time to make a proper ending.  It is not a matter of not liking the way it ended - it is the fact that the last two chapters are lazy writing.  Seems the author was more concerned with her editor's deadline than taking the time to make a complete story.  She should have shoved this into a drawer and waited for some inspiration.My advice - skip it.  If you must read it - purchase it second hand so you don't feel cheated.
Gone Girl is a creepy, twisted, engaging thriller about marriage and relationships.  Set in these modern day times where we all struggle to deal with the depressing economy and the modern techonology that continues to crush once secure career choices.  Meet Nick and Amy Dunne who take turns telling the reader their story - but don't be too sure about which character will you side with, or even relate to.  Author Gillian Flynn has created a masterful psychological suspense story that explores a marriage that has gone oh so very wrong.  Readers who tend to pretend their marriages are perfect and all that likely won't enjoy reading this story.  I'm about as happy as you can be in a marriage, but many bits of this story struck me as so true (individually don't we all compromise who we really are, or what we really want, from time to time for the sake of our marriage?).  This is a good story - Alfred Hitchcock like.  I highly recommend it!
I bought this book when it first came out.  I usually love finding an author I've never read before and this book offered everything I like in a book.  So, what went wrong? The beginning dragged on and on and I just couldn't get into it.  I've tried 4 different times to read this book but it bores me to sleep.  Should I try to get farther into the book? Does it get better or should I just drop it off at my library?
Most of the book moved along pretty well. Definitely knew what was coming, but it still kept my interest, but was completely deflated by the end...
I would have bet my CAR that the ending of this book would at least be clever. It's anything but. And satisfying. It's not. Really poor job.I'm with the guy who said "4.5 stars for the writing, 1 star for the ending."I was into it right up until the money belt. Then, as with many thrillers, it gets stupid and bizarre and I can no longer "suspend disbelief." A lake house with a WALL AROUND IT? How can it be a lake house and have a wall around it? Things go rapidly downhill from that point onward.The author just got very sloppy, lazy and rushed at the end. Given how clever the first 4/5ths of the book is, the ending reads like a high school English assignment to "finish this book by Tuesday."Cannot recommend this book.
I admit that this book kept me interested through the end, and as a mystery &#34;how is it going to end?&#34; it was a gripping page turner for the most part.  However, though well written, the story is not as clever as it sets out to be, and the ending is not as good as it should have been.  The premise and structure are interesting, the two main characters well-developed though sometimes falling into cliche'd types  (jaded privileged hipsters).  The two protagonists are, as many reviewers have pointed out, fairly unlikeable.  Though characters do not necessarily have to be likable for a novel to work, it would have helped in this case in my opinion.  Mild Spoiler Alert:  The book has a lot of twists, and part of the fun of the novel is trying to predict which way it will twist next.  It does get you thinking about leads the police should have taken in the investigation (it seems like they missed a couple things they could have checked, but was fairly well done).  The bitterness and acrimony between Nick and Amy is well-drawn.  Anyone who has been in a contentious long-term relationship will find some identification with the feelings of the two main characters (but hopefully will not go to the same lengths!).  Anyway, worth reading due to good writing and structure, but it doesn't leave you with a sense of closure for the characters and the story.
I enjoyed reading this book until about halfway when the twist is revealed and then there's one contrivance after another leading to a totally implausible ending.  Literary dishonesty is always disappointing.
Flynn delivers on the promise of her first two novels with this exceedingly twisted, riotously funny and distressingly human novel. Nick and Amy Dunne, a young married couple recently relocated from New York to Missouri, are about to celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary -- until Amy disappears that very morning. Things look worse and worse for Nick, who finds himself accused of her murder. His chapters of narration alternate with entries from Amy's diary over the previous year ... and then things get really good! I would give this 4.5 stars due only to how repellent these main characters turn out to be. The book was great -- but I was glad to have Nick and Amy out of my life.
Enjoyed every second of this book. A real page turner that keeps you wanting more. One feels like they become part of the story.
This book was not what I had expected from the title.  However, it turned out to be much more interesting than I had anticipated.  Call it a psycho-thriller.  Just when I think I had it figured out where it was going, the story took another twist.  I enjoyed the manner in which it was written -- part in diary form and part in first person narrative.  I highly recommend this book.
Thank goodness this is fiction.......one of the scarest stories I have read! I highly recommend this book to anyone who THINKS they know a person who like to control everything. It is a story you will remember for a long time.
It was a very long book. Paging ahead and skipping the drawn out details didn't take away from the story line. The author was able to include many kinds of psychotic behavior and family disfunction in this tale of evil intentions. There were a few twists, but once you read a couple of them the rest soon become expected. Not one of the characters wins in the end. I will never read this author's work again.
I thought that this book was very well written, and clever. I kept wondering what the spin would be, how it would end, and I could not put it down once I got to Part two. Once I got to the ending, I came to terms with it, and felt that it was a fine ending, until I got to thinking about it and then realized, it didn't make much sense. Either way, I was really in to this book and enjoyed it.
This is a story that jumps from the perspective of one character in the beginning to another character in the second part.  It keeps you guessing as to which character is the &#34;good guy&#34;.  I loved the story right up until the end.  When I finished the book, I kept thinking there should have been a different ending.  It took me days to realize that no other ending would truly fit.  What happens to the character and their outcome is exactly what they deserved.  Really great story!
Storyline and characters were a little weird for me.  A little disjointed and full of unexpected twists and turns that were hard to explain.  I enjoyed it, just strange.
It takes awhile to get into the book.  The charactors are interesting,but they twist and turn to keep you interested.
Gone Girl, (kindle book) had an interesting plot, but it had so many F... words in it that I felt uncomfortable reading it and it pretty much spoiled the book for me.  Some can be expected in recent books, but that was so superfluous it added nothing and detracted from the writing. The twists in the plot is what kept me reading.
Loved the premise and the two different points of view but was so  very disappointed in the ending.......still worth a read.
I loved thus book. It's been a long time since I have read this kind of book. Very crazy book but it kept me hooked the whole way threw. I wish it went into more detail for the ending. I have already started reading one of her other books. Sharp objects.
The book is very well written and filled with suspense.  The main characters are well developed and interesting.The plot is very imaginative--beyond belief, actually.  But, I did tire of the foul language which I thought veryunnecessary to the plot. The &#34;f-bomb&#34; is dropped liberally; I don't enjoyi reading that word over and over again.Otherwise, our book club will enjoy reviewing this book as it's plot is very well done and surprises lurk throughout.
As other readers have said,  it is a page turner, but the ending is a thought provoker.  After reading the end, one tries to think up a different way to conclude the situation and yet maybe after all it is left as the right solution.
As an English degree major, one of the most common refrains from professors is, don't necessarily trust the voice of a first-person narrator.  And, what happened in this book is the first-person narrative of the female protagonist, Amy, doesn't create a very sympathetic character right from the start.  You are meant to empathize with her and if not dislike, deeply distrust the male protagonist, Nick.  She comes off as spoilt, a narcissist, and seems to have a very all-over-the place personality, and apparently the ability to hold unbelievable grudges.  Unfortunately, the opposite happened for me.  It just felt like a set-up the entire time.  And, literary tricks and twists when handled this clumsily, leading to the latter two portions of the book, being read just to align truths, lies, and the somewhere in-betweens.I actually felt mentally and emotionally dirty after reading this book.  Even in the most depressing of books that are even a mediocre read, there are some redeemable qualities about the characters.  I felt neither of these two characters were even remotely redeemable and I walked away feeling like I had just met two of the most loathsome people in the world.
The first half of the novel was believable and well written.  Somewhere in the middle it just seemed to fall apart and became too preposterous to believe or enjoy.
I am an avid reader; however, I never take the time to write reviews. After reading this book, I had to make an exception and write a review. I really disliked this book. The first half of the book is slow moving. In fact, I almost gave up on it. However, half way through, the plot takes a twist and the story becomes very interesting. Regretfully, it has the WORST ending possible for a story like this! At the end, I felt that I wasted my time reading this book. I recommend that you not make the same mistake! I guess some readers will think that the plot is "artsy" or "creative"...I though that it was a very disappointing story!
A real cliff hanger.  The story twists and turns just when you think you have the characters figured out.  Read this book if you like suspense and mind games.
Very interesting book and premise. I was surprised at how it ended--a book I won't soon forget. This author was anything but predictable--worth reading.
The book could've been written in 200 pages vs 400+. I didn't hate the book. Was intrigued enough to finish it, but definitely didn't love it. It didn't make my "would read again" list.
I really, really wanted to love this book, as I waited a LONG time for it. I'd considered many times getting my own copy, as the list was long at the library. Now I'm glad I waited!! For most of the story, I was kept entertained and immersed in the story. There is a LOT of Mars/Venus psychology wrapped in the dialog. I'd have recommended the book to my mother, who loves a good story but hates the "f" word and the other terms that writers descend to when faced with the need to express strong emotions without a good vocabulary to call upon. Glad I waited til the end of the book to make that recommendation, as well! Sadly, the author that had managed to keep the suspense going and the story twisting upon itself with a really smart female lead, let her down. Amy, who thought of everything, made basic, stupid mistakes that while revealing her weaknesses, also were not in keeping with the intellect displayed in the first parts of the story. For most of the character revelation, we get to know the side of two people that they don't reveal to the world, the side most of us have and keep to ourselves. That was masterful writing, contributing to a great story line. I have to wonder what happened to the author in there, though, as it seemed to fall back to contrived? The ending, quite frankly, sucked. I get it that it was supposed to make a point about the character of the characters but it failed miserably for me.I will, in the future, be hesitant to pick up another of this author's works.
One of the best lines from the book describing the two main characters, comes from the lawyer:&#34;You two are the most f'd up people I have ever met, and I specialize in F'ed Up people.&#34; Tanner Bolt, lawyerPretty much summarizes this couple.  What if you married someone, then once you married them, the mask comes off?Great read about a dysfunctional married couple, when their marriage goes completely wrong, or does it?  Told from POV of He- said-She-said style.  Lots of foul language, in case that bothers you, but that is the characters and how they talk.  We get Nick's POV, then we will get Amy's POV.  The writing style really keeps you guessing at what is real and not real based on each person's view of how the marriage is going.  There are so many possible suspects, although just like today's TV Media, we always focus on the spouse first. Read the book in 2 days, could not put it down.  It is not a typical Hollywood ending, so I guess that is why many disliked it, but it is somewhat, original, and I thought it suited the story.Also liked the setting how it described the economy, empty houses and buildings being squatted in, how the two main characters lose their jobs to the economy, how they deal with it.If you like crime/mystery, give the book a read.  There are lots and lots of twists in plots and characters.  There are so many possible suspects in the beginning, although just like today's TV Media, we always focus on the spouse first, the media &#34;Nancy Grace&#34;-style spinning it their own way, but is that really the true story?  Will be interesting to see how the author will change it for the movie version, as she has said she is changing the ending somewhat and the way it is told.
I could not put this book down for a second. It's, well, to borrow Flynn's prose, WICKED GOOD AND AMAZING. Her writing style is streamlined for maximum pleasure and speed. Her voice is edgy, modern - totally NOW. She doesn't completely buy into every grammar rule and her almost-neologisms are spot on wit and fun. This book made me actually experience the emotions of the characters. At various times I was laughing out loud, totally turned-on, or mercilessly edgy and nervous. The character development is as precise as if Flynn were a PhD in abnormal psychology and she captures the interplay between two damaged people in a relationship no better than if she'd lived it herself. The plot is so damn evil it's positively delicious even if a bit far-fetched. Truly an intense read from first word to last. Will escape you from your own troubles for sure - if only, like me, for one night.
With the chapters running back and forth between husband in present day and wife explaining their past, the book starts out rather slow and I didn't think I would like it.  There are clues dropped, but sometimes undetectable.  Once Amy's chapters return to the present, the book takes a very interesting twist and her megalomaniac self comes out.  Even another twist emerges with an old lover--big clue as to how &#34;sick&#34; Amy really is.  Don't want to give away the ending but just to say good doesn't always win out in real life.
Some of the best fiction I've read in a while.  Started it on the weekend and, well.... there went the entire weekend because I couldn't put it down.  Well paced, well written story of a marriage gone from heaven to hell in a few short years.  It's pretty dark so may not be for everyone, but I thoroughly enjoyed it.  A look into the mind of a scary but brilliant sociopath.  I suspect there may be more than a few women out there who will read this book and secretly fantasize &#34;wish I'd thought of that.&#34;  The difference between a sociopath and the rest of us - we only think about it.  I would love to see Ms. Flynn write a sequel to this because there's a lot of story line left to tell.
The book had many twists and turns and I wasn't sure who I liked or hated. Don't want to give anything away, so try it you will be entertained.
It was easy to see why this novel has been a long-term #1 best-seller and is still high up on most lists. It is fast-paced, suspenseful and fairly intelligently written.I found neither of the main characters to be very likable and the story does require some suspension of disbelief but on the whole it was quite an enjoyable read...a great beach read.
This book was distubring, frightening, infuriating, and stomach-turning all at different times throughout.  Which is everything it should have been and every reason why I couldn't put it down.  The twists and turns are chaotic and amazingly suprising.  This was the kind of book that you get to the last pages and want to put it down just to sustain being able to read it a little bit longer.  I can't wait to check out everything else Gillian Flynn has available, and I will.
What a mind this author has!  Wild, Weird, and Wicked!!  This is the book our book club, Code Read, chose for tomorrow nights review.......what conversations this book will pull out.  Not a dull minute in any page!  The characters were believable , yet unbelievable at the same time.  The ending......well let's just say read away and find out!!
I had heard so many great things about this novel and was feeling as though I had missed out on something good.  I purchased it for my Kindle and began to read.  And read.  And read.  I was about to give up, as I was getting a bit bored when BOOM.  The plot changes, thickens and twists and I am so glad that I kept pushing through it, and although that's probably not something that an agent or author (or reader) wants to hear, I think it was a brilliant move (intentional or not).  Please read this novel, especially if you are on the fence about it.  It's a roller coaster worth the incredibly long line.
This kept my attention all the way through. I would recommend this as a good read. Look forward to other books by this author.
Could not put this book down. Was blistering, fierce, amazing, suspenseful; everything you want in a book. Loved it and kept it (rare for me as I don't read a book twice).
in the end, I didn't like either of the characters, and therefore I didn't care what happened. I wouldn't read it again, and don't recommend it to anyone else either.
I love this book. I could not put it down!!!  Great read. Great story telling. Great suspense. Flynn did a Masterful job.
A page turner. Flynn keeps you guessing and hits you with quite the surprise ending. Psychologically intriguing and very well crafted.
I've read this book twice, now, and even though I knew the &#34;twist&#34; the second time through, I was still fully engaged with the world Ms. Flynn created. (I am currently reading &#34;Sharp Objects&#34; and will follow that up with &#34;Dark Places&#34;.) Ms. Flynn's characters have depth and weight and the protagonist's point of view is entirely believable, particularly how the truth of the character comes out slowly as the story progresses.
While I did like this book I felt like it took me more than half the book to get into it. I felt like the beginning droned on too long. At the same time, the end droned also but that was more interesting. It has a bit of a Hitchcockian flare so that brought it to a higher level for me. Enjoyable in the long run. I've recommended it to others.
Really creative, genius plotting! Knocked off a star because the ending was anti-climatic and uninspired. Otherwise a really wild ride!
I enjoyed this story.  I was moved to root for each character and then change my mind on a daily basis.  I like books that keep me guessing.  The only flaw that I found was the actual way it was presented.  It took a while to get used to the back and forth of each main character's version of events.  It did not seem to "flow" at first.  When jumping from one character to another,  one time period to another,  it helps to keep it fluid.  However, this was only a small annoyance.  The story was intriquing and nicely concluded.
I don't want to spoil anything.  All I can say is that I didn't think it lives up to the hype.
This book had come strongly recommended by a friend. First half was quite boring and flat. Some interesting and all too convenient twists were too hard to believe in the second half. I found the ending quite unsatisfying. Wouldn't recommend this book.
Almost great. So disappointed with last quarter of book and ending. Author ran out of steam or publisher insisted on pat conclusion.
A MOST compelling read...couldn't put it down.  Although I was disappointed in the ending.  Not what I was hoping for..darn!
I found this story disturbing but even more so, annoying.  I liked the premise but it just got a bit carried away with itself.
Well worth the read and I loved the discussions several of us had afterward about potential interpretations.  That's what you want in a good book.
This is one of the best books I have read in a very long time.  I wasn't sure if I would like this book because I haven't had much luck with the books that have been recommended to me lately but I did!
I was pulled back and forth thought this novel loving the husband one minute, hating him the next. I think the way the novel is written is very clever. Surprises at every turn. I read it in two days and couldn't wait to see what happened next. Great book!
This book kept me guessing the entire time. It twists and turns and ended at a place I never saw coming. Amazing writing. Language is VERY strong, however. Just a warning if you're someone who doesn't like cursing.
Having never read anything by the author before, I bought this book based on the excellent reviews it's been receiving.  It really took me awhile to get into, and honestly I almost couldn't continue through the main female character's first few diary entries.  My goodness the wordiness.  I skimmed through much of the female's early entries, but the male character's entries held my attention.  The book takes interesting twists and turns, but I did figure out the gist well before the half way point.  I wasn't as blown away by this book as other reviewers, that's for sure, but it was a quick read once it got going.  I read it in the car on a 12 hour drive.  I'd give it 3 1/2 stars.  It's not a bad book by any means.  I just expected something absolutely amazing since so many people are gushing over it.
This was a great book. I loved it from start to finish. I was always kept guessing and the end was shocking. I won't be a spoiler. Like someone else said, "Just go and buy this book!"
I have to agree with all the reviews that were written about the disappointment with the ending of the book. The last chapter of the book was a real downer, I thought it was going to have a better ending.
The first word that came to mind as I finished the last chapter was WOW!!  I stayed up late the last few nights because I just couldn't put this book down!  The format goes between the voices of the two main characters every chapter changes from Nick to Amy.  The author does an outstanding job with this writing style that keeps the reader hooked.Amy and Nick fall in love and have a great life in NYC.  Amy has a significant trust fund thanks to her parent's nationally acclaimed children's book series "Amazing Amy" about a perfect child based on Amy.  Nick, a twin,  grew up in the mid-west.  But as the economy turns in 2008, the magazine writers both find themselves unemployed.  Amy's parents are in financial straits and borrow the majority of the trust fund.  Nick's parents are in poor health, so Nick decides that the couple will move back to the mid-West to help his twin sister take care of his ailing parents.  Amy wasn't happy about this change, having lived her life in NY, but she goes along as the good wife.The couple is miserable after their move, neither feeling valued by their respective spouse, and they grow apart.  Then, Amy disappears on their 5th anniversary.  After a few days, Nick is clearly the main suspect.  Amy's anniversary tradition is to create a series of clues for Nick to hunt for his anniversary present.  It is a ritual that Nick hates and that he is not very good at.  However, the police find the first clue and Nick is determined to find Amy.  After he finds all of the pieces the clues all have a double meaning, at first, Nick falls in love with Amy all over again, then he thinks that Amy is trying to set up Nick for her disappearance.  He realizes that she is in fact alive, all the while, the walls are closing in on innocent Nick as more and more circumstantial evidence mounts making him look like the suspect of her murder.Amy is deceptive and set up Nick to appear that he has murdered her.  She creates a web of lies, uses characters from her past to unknowingly help her psychotic ways.  While she does come back, looking like a hero and exonerating Nick, the ending is not what I expected and a little unsettling.Go Girl is full of twists and turns and it is hard to put down.  It is a unique thriller of power, control, and ultimately a psychotic game.  The characters are well developed.  It is a great book, a really fast read, and one that you won't forget!
This story line is so crazy, I have to wonder if the author is just as crazy, ha!  Seriously, I was not impressed for the first 1/2 of the book, but exactly at the half-way point, that's where everything that you thought you were reading suddenly changes - completely!  This book is quite a ride!  Great book.
I thought the book was a page turner, but I didn't much like the characters. And I hated the ending!.. I thought she should have gotten her &#34;come-upince&#34; and didn't like that he came down to her level..It was a suspenceful read, even though it was morallly corrupt and not really worth my time. (garbage in garbage out)..I don't really want to read anything more from Gillian Flynn.
Not my typical genre, but what a page turner!  The ending left me reeling!  I am anxiously awaiting the movie.
this book kept my attention and was quite believable.  I hope that there is  a sequel.  I would recommend this book
Exciting and thrilling book. I couldn't put it down. Many twists and turns. I recommend this book to everyone. Looking forward to the movie!
Wow. I think this book is one of the best thrillers I have read. I know others disliked the ending but if it ended any other way it would have been guessable. Great read. Don't miss it
I don't understand why Amazon sent message I would like this book, but I finished reading it, although I thought every character in the book was disgusting.  I will not recommend it for book club.
Very much fun, clever plot, well written. A real page turner! Great read, but I was a bit disappointed with the ending (seemed like almost a cop-out).
Like the cover it's a little &#34;dark&#34; but I was impelled to keep reading!  Anyone who love intrigue would love this book.
Gillian Flynn's third release, GONE GIRL, was quite different from her first two books.  It's the day of a couple's fifth wedding anniversary but there is a problem.  This book tells the story in alternating chapters between the man and woman.  It was a unique book and very different from her other books.  Overall, I enjoyed the book but would like to see her go back to the darkness that she successfully achieved with SHARP OBJECTS and DARK PLACES.Gillian Flynn's remains one of my favorite, recommended, must-read authors so I can't wait for her next one!
I'm halfway through this book, so I can't comment about the ending, but I am truly enjoying this read. (It's an early Christmas present to myself, and I must say that I've outdone myself this year!) The leading characters have the seriocomic believability of real people - very well developed. The dialog is witty without being inaccessible, and the plot twists happen just often enough to hold my interest. I already know that I will buy and read more of Gillian Flynn's work. And I'll certainly watch out for the temptation to act like a Cool Girl...
When I got to the ending I felt like I wasted my time reading this book. I waited months to read it, and I was disappointed. Don't get me wrong it was a great book up until the end. Ugh!
It took quite a while to get into it, but continued and by the second half couldn't put it down. Not usually a fiction reader, but would recommend this one.
You THINK you know what this book is about. You THINK you know how this story is going to progress. You're probably wrong because this story is filled with tons of little surprises and twists. Gillian Flynn keeps them so well hidden that you'll never be expecting them to happen. I picked this up because I have heard raved reviews about it. And it's true! It's an easy read- but don't read it before bed. You'll be having twisted dreams.
Boring constructs.  Jerry Springer mode.  Flynn tries too hard--she never hits an authentic or correct note for me.  Neither main character is likeable, engaging or warped enough to keep my attention---these are the same characters that you might see on Dr. Drew's horror fest...or the Jerry Springer freak show. Readers who enjoy this drivel might well be experiencing early dementia.  In conclusion, I really didn't care what happened to either character. That's the death knell of a novel.  The theme:  two boring sickos that clearly belong together. Does that put you to sleep or what?  You wonder why fiction is dying...look no further.  I realize now that some women no longer have a cushy life of earlier generations and have to make a living.  But can't they take their time and find something they're good at?
Excellent imagery, language, logic....characters are keenly manipulative and selfishly evil. Unfortunately, what makes it a page- turner is the fact that it could happen.
started a bit slow, for a couple of pages but then ... what a wonderful girl and what awful husband she has!  and after all ... the ends leaves one pondering ... they deserve one another!
At first I didn't like the characters and I almost put the book down .. I didn't like Amy. Then I didn't like Nick. Then I was very afraid of AMY!The book was good, but I wanted a different ending. I wanted Amy to slip up and I wanted Nick to be rid of her. Honesty, I wanted Amy's life to be over in the same way that she ruined other peoples lives. That wasn't the ending and so I just feel completely dissatisfied, which is why I gave the book 3 stars.M.
Good, but not great.  Alittle too out there.  Didn t like the ending.  Would have liked to she her get her due.
Entertaining read. As a Missouri native, I'm highly annoyed at the naming of the town of "North Carthage". I wouldn't mind if Carthage wasn't already a town in a totally different part of the state. It just doesn't make sense. There's no reason to make it confusing. I think the pace, the suspense, and the ending could have been done better, but overall I enjoyed the read.
There were suprises at every turn in this novel. A lot of gotcha moments. Really couldn't put it down. Great suspense.
Could not put it down!  This is a great mystery with a lot of elements to keep the reader hooked.  As a grammar fanatic I loved the little comments by the wife about use of "me" and "I".  (Thank you Gilliam Flynn for trying to set people straight on that issue.) Believe the number of reviewers who said this is a great book.  If you like a cliff hangar then this book is for you.
A predictable farce that keeps you reading anyway. The plot twists are clever and literally keep you wondering if it could really happen.
Took about 25 pages to get into the book but once I started, I didn't put it down! Excellent book.
I could not get the whole book to download...only the first chapter. After 2 tries, I just cancelled the order.
I bought this book for my neighborhood's book club and quickly plowed through the whole thing in a week! The storyline is a dramatic who dunnit story, almost out of a Lifetime movie. Not wanting to spoil it, but keep pressing through the book for a big twist.
This was a book that was touted to me by my daughter. I bought it. I was about a quarter of the way through when I called my daughter and asked if if there was anything uplifting about the book. She said, &#34;No.&#34; I never read another word. Masochism is not my thing.
It takes the right book to get me to read and I couldn't put this one down. In fact I went on to read her two other novels and loved them too. Hoping for more.
Wow, this was a great book...so suspenseful!  I couldn't put it down. And when I did, all I could do was think about the characters.  The twist in part two got me...didn't see that one coming.  By the end of the book I was just so caught up in Nick and Amy's story.  I will say that the ending really pissed me off...I wanted revenge on a certain character and couldn't believe the author let the person get off with no consequences! Good introduction to the author's work...I will definitely look into reading more of her work!
There is almost nothing I can say about this book that won't give something away, and that would deny a reader some of the same wrenching pleasure I got from the story.  This can be said: Nick from Missouri and Amy from New York meet, fall in love, marry, and then lose their New York jobs.  They move to Nick's hometown on the banks of the Mississippi River, and on the day of their fifth wedding anniversary Amy goes missing.  Did she wander off?  Signs of a struggle suggest not.  Was she kidnapped?  Killed?  If so, by whom?  And then we're off to the races.  I don't read enough in this genre to know whether this is supposed to be classified as a mystery, or a thriller, or what.  But I don't really care.  It worked for me, by which I mean it drew me in and didn't ever bore me.  Sure, there are some parts that are slower than others, and at times I wanted to hurry things along a bit, but there was never a time when I didn't want to know what happened next, and more than one place where I didn't want the thing to happen that was actually happening.  Gillian Flynn skillfully weaves a plot in two voices, and she is able to maintain the voice of the two main characters (or three, maybe) even as your feelings for them change--perhaps dramatically--over the course of the novel.  By the end you are questioning just about everything that formed the initial hooks for the story: Nick, Amy, love, marriage, strength, truth, you name it.  I'm still not certain whether or not I like the way Flynn finishes it all up, but that probably just means that she didn't take the easy way out, or that I didn't get the payoff I wanted, or that life is messier than that and very few relationships are tied up with neat bows.  In a way, the ending is a natural outcome of everything you learn about the characters over the course of the novel.  That's probably what leaves some readers unsatisfied.  You can't always get what you want.  Just ask Nick Dunne.Be advised that the language is very rough.  If a voice in your head vocalizes stories you read (as my little head voice does), you'll have an interesting time of it if these are not words you normally use.
This was my first book by this author and it drew me right in.. I was hooked from the start and on the edge of my seat. This book did not disappoint.
This book was definetly not what I expected, and in a very good way. The plot developed nicely and I enjoyed how the author brought you along for the ride.
While I had a hard time getting into this, WOW it certainly was worth the read.  I know why they are making it into a move...
I couldn't put this book down! Read 200 pages the first day and 200 the second day. Talk about well written, great descriptions, etc. It is so uniquely written - unlike any other book I've read. I just had to keep reading to find out what would happen next. Many surprises. The end hit me in the chest! Strong visceral reaction. Recommended by several girlfriends. My husband knows I've never been so captivated by a book and now he's reading it and likes it, too.
I almost never read this genre of book & may not have chosen this even with its popularity. But, my book club chose this & I'm so glad!It's really wicked and well written. I loved it & was surprised over & over. It never lagged, always moving, moving. Thanks for writing this very entertaining read!
Not to "beat a dead horse," but the ending was horrible. I enjoyed reading the book, great page turner that kept me interested.  However, the ending was horrible, I was waiting for a huge "gotcha momemt" that never came.
The popularity of this contrived, trivial novel puzzles me.  It's too trivial to recommend.  I do confess that I read to the end, pulled by a clever plot line.
Best book I've read this year. Deserves all the praise it's getting. Genuinely amazing in all aspects (except maybe one, which I hesitate to bring up). There is also a stunning subtext on writing/reading itself. Who do we believe? Who's telling the truth? Who even KNOWS the truth? Will you believe what I tell you? Really? Do you like me? Hate me? Do I even know myself?Overlay this on a genuine mystery with enough shocks and surprises to knock you back a peg or two, plus one of the sharpest social histories of our current times and what it means to be an American adult.OK (mild spoiler alert): the ending is a bit too random and possibly a little false. But it's OK, and I suppose OK just so... OK after what's come before.But to end the review on a high note: This book is amazing.
This is the first Gillian Flynn novel that I've read, and it is a great one. The overall suspense and tone of the story are impeccable. The author is very skilled at revealing slowly the action and plot. It is very difficult to put this one down.
Gone Girl has spent so many weeks on the NYT bestseller list that adding another review seems like piling on, but it's such a compelling read that I couldn't resist. Nick and Amy have it all, a picture-perfect marriage, great jobs in NYC, a fat trust fund courtesy of Amy's parents, but this doesn't make for much of a story. So, bad things have to happen, and they do. The author tells the story from two first-person points of view. Nick, for the most part, speaks in the present tense, while Amy's version is told in epistolary form, also first-person.Things begin to unravel as Nick's mother gets a cancer diagnosis, his father is institutionalized with Alzheimer's, the nice trust fund is reclaimed by Amy's parents to cover their own debts. Then Nick moves Amy to Carthage, MO, which seems like it's on another planet compared to their current home.At first the author begins to peel away the facade of the perfect marriage is small bits, all of which might be expected with so much stress occurring. Then, on their fifth wedding anniversary Amy disappears. The home scene indicates that she didn't leave willingly, but the scene appears to be staged, and there's partially cleaned blood (hers) on the kitchen floor.Amy characteristically celebrates their anniversaries with a treasure hunt, leaving clues for Nick to follow. Now those clues make him look like a murderer. Amy has secrets. Nick has secrets too, such as the young mistress he's been keeping company with for the past year.The story is masterfully plotted. Amy is one of the more frightening sociopaths to come along for some time, reminiscent of the Kathleen Turner character in "Body Heat," some years ago. The use of two first-person narrators adds to the suspense. Is either of them truly reliable? Whom do we believe? Great to spend time in the hands of such a skillful writer!
It's been years since I found a book that enthralled me so much that time stopped.  I downloaded Gone Girl yesterday at lunchtime and didn't stop reading for 12 hours until the last page. This is a true page turner with twists I never ever saw coming.  Stop reading reviews and go get this book right now.
I struggled to finnish this book, it did pick up near the end though, the characters were all very unlikable so it was difficult to connect with anyone.
I wanted to read this book as it has gotten so much hype.  The first half dragged and then I was encouraged as it picked up in the second half.  However, that was short lived as the story and characters just dissolved into unbelievable, uninteresting, hateful nonsense.  And I totally agree with others that the ending was just terrible.  Nick deserves Amy.  I will not read another book by this author.  I feel like I need a shower after reading this book.
Don't waste your money or reading time on this book.  It was my first "Kindle" book so I was excited.  I kept reading and reading waiting for the plot.  The plot (and subplot) are beyond belief.
This was an intriguing story! Was slow to get into it. I really do not like books that skip back and forth from one person to another, but I am not sure how Gillian Flynn could have pulled off her overall plot without doing so. The ending is a total surprise. I read it for our neighborhood book club. The subject matter and character development made for fantastic discussion.
Loved the book until the end. I wonder if it is being set up for a sequel. Most others I spoke to had the same disappointment of the end that I had.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It was twisted in a good way. Took away a star because I didn't like the end. But believe me I had no regrets reading this book.
So normally by the time I get to read a critically acclaimed book the movie has been out for a year and sequel talk is already in the works. I beat Hollywood to the punch this time but not on purpose.....Onto the review.Gone Girl is a book that for me,took about half way into reading it to really start liking it. However,once you hit that halfway point you can't put this novel down. It's damn near impossible. The story is a roller coaster setup. Uphill......Uphill..... I'm yawning,then bam! You can't help but want to know what's going to happen and for me the second half of the book is easily five stars for the suspense. The first half three 1/2.Cons: well the biggest downfall Gone Girl has going for it (I believe), is that once I got through the book I maybe thought about it for five minutes and then moved on. Though the characters are written good and are all twisted in there own ways, I guess the book left nothing endearing to me character wise. Normally a good book leaves me wanting to be immersed within it,but sadly for some reason I can't explain Gone Girl didn't do this for me.To wrap it up, Gone Girl is an enthralling read. The second half will have you burning through the pages
This book is like Dumbo's teacup ride at Disney.  You don't know which way it is going.  A total surprise right up to the end.  Well worth the money.
I read Gone Girl: A Novel this past weekend, and I really couldn't put it down.  A lot of twists and turns, some interesting insights to love and marriage, suspenseful, and even thought provoking. I didn't particularly *like either of the two protaganists, but they were interesting, albeit just a bit shocking (and I don't shock very easily). An interesting contemplation of marriage. I liked it, I liked it alot.It was very well written, and complex. Somewhat reminiscent of a Hitchcock movie, a tiny bit noir.The author has written two books before this, and I suspect I will be visiting them soon.
Talk about spinning an often-mundane occurrence, the wife goes missing, the darling, and benevolent woman who is kind and loved by all.  The husband becomes the prime suspect or the more nuanced term: person of interest.Gillian Flynn grabs this subject by choosing the fifth wedding anniversary of Amy Dunne and Nick Dunne.  Their married life apparently began in the ideal situation of an educated couple with good jobs frantically in love with each other.The reader is not sure what initially destroys their idyllic lifestyle.  Was it the economy?  Nick loses his job as a writer, which is Flynn's timely commentary on the loss of print journalism.  Amy loses her job of a personality quiz composer, but she has money because her parents are the authors of a previously popular series, entitled Amazing Amy.And Amy is amazing.  She shocks the reader with her diary, her plotting, skills and intellect.  Nick is more laid back and internalizes his feelings.  Now this is the best part: they are both very smart.  Flynn has no intention of insulting the reader with predictable and unintelligent characters.  She takes us inside the mind of Amy and on the periphery of Nick's as she dissects their pasts and places them in corrosive relationships.Flynn does not play favorites.  Nick and Amy both struggle; she is an equal opportunity writer when doling out mercy and punishment. The reader is shuttled back and forth into this marriage where the wife has crafted herself into the "cool girl."  Nick, on the other hand, apparently is floating; her removes Amy (and some of her money) from New York and sets up The Bar with his twin sister, Margo, aka "Go." Isn't Amy the most generous wife, stripping what's left of her trust fund to make Nick happy?This is a first-class thriller that kept me guessing.  I moved quickly from page to page, section to section, confident that Flynn respected the reader's intelligence.  I found all the characters fascinating, Rand and Marybeth, Amy's parents, Nick's demented father, Go and the police.  What a group.  The ending did not satisfy me, but it made sense not to conclude with a mollification of marriage.  I highly recommend this book.  Observing the ramifications of irrational self-serving individuals in a demoralized economy with Flynn's superior insight is special.
I thought I was buying a mystery and/or thriller. It is neither. It is a book about two ridiculous people wrapped in an inane plot, a few witty lines and utter lack of any credibility.  It a tedious read with no redeeming features. I do not normally write book reviews but I found this book so bad and a waste of the money it cost to buy it. To repeat, do not buy this book.
I really enjoyed the pacing of this book and found the twists and turns to be fun for the majority of the book. In the end I just felt dirty, like I want to erase it from my brain and take a shower right now. But that doesn't mean I don't recommend it as a good thriller!
This book really had me fooled for the first half and just when I thought I knew how it would end...it didn't happen the way I thought.  Great reading although it was a bit too dark for me.  Really enjoyed it but I won't be reading more of this genre.
A little slow to get into but once you do, quite intriguing.  Certainly a different style.  A lot of my friends either couldn't get into it or loved it, about 50-50/
It's quite an easy read, I read it In two days but still well written and well crafted - lots of twists and turns.
A fascinating story told with humour, sensitivity and meticulous detail.  Exciting twists which left the reader vascillating about their alliance to one or other party.  A difficult plot to finish ...
The only thing I really did not like was the ending. Overall, it was a fun read. Worth the time and money.
Really fun to read , edge of my seat.  Love hate the main characters. HATED the ending it was a lame cop out.However, this was well written and true to its genre.  Pretty sure it will make a really fun movie if the wonderful surprises can remain in tact.
This book kept my attention and I could not put it down! I Definitely give it 5 stars and am going to read the author's other books.
I couldn't put it down! I wanted to find out what really happened. Gyllian Flynn is really knowledgable about human psychology! She has great insight into marriage. Really good read!
I love a good mystery, so I REALLY wanted to like this book. Problem is, I found both of the main characters unlikeable, right from the start. Still I stuck with it, hoping it would get better, that I'd start to care about what happened to either of them. It was an ok mystery till 3/4 of the way thru the book, when it gets pretty far fetched.As for the ending, let's just say that Spineless Nick and Nasty Amy deserve each other and what they each got.If you really want to read it before the movie comes out, like I did, get it from the library. I'm so glad I did not pay anything for this book.
Overall, book was a quick read, besides some slow parts , authors writing was good. I would read another book by Gillian Flynn.
The first book I had ever read by author Gillian Flynn wasDark Places, and I devoured it! So, I went on to read her first book,Sharp Objects: A Novelwhich was equally as great. You have to understand for me to say that these books were better than good is no easy feat for the 'Mystery" genre. I absolutely despise mystery novels! But Gillian takes it so much further than just a mystery, it is like a psychological thriller in some ways, a whodunit in other ways, and just plain mind blowing! She keeps throwing curve balls just when you think you've got it figured out...'Gone Girl' starts out as a whodunit, to a 'oh duh he did it'. She leads you into believing the husband did it, and then throwing a curve ball to make you second guess yourself, and when you're so sure he didn't do it.. WHAM she throws another and once again you're doubting yourself. So she kept me guessing the WHOLE time. I could no quite predict what Amy's next move was and for me that was the best part of the book. It gets boring reading all these books where you can predict how the sister is going to die but the family moves on or the boy and girl gets married happily ever after. While the 'unrealistic' story plot got under some people's skin I preferred it. Gillian did not fail to keep me on my toes as she had with her two previous books.The only downfall of this book is it can get slow in some chapters but she also keeps you hanging in there with all the curve balls and tidbits of information she gives you. You know there is just some ugly monster waiting to rear its ugly little head out just around the corner.I recommend this book if you don't mind over the top slightly unrealistic characters like Amy or Nick. If you LOVE to keep guessing and getting huge surprises then this is the book for you. Honestly it is great. I do recommend reading her first two books as well! It is a must! And if you're already a fan of her other books then this is a must read and it will excite you!
The author seems to understand very well how men and women think.  The many twists and turns ofthe plot make this book addictive - one just cannot wait to find out what's nextI was a teeny bit disappointed with the ending, but a Five Star book it definitely is
This book had me in a love hate relationship with the book. I found aspects of it rather beleaguered and slow, but it did not ever lose the plot. Clever twist in the end leaves you on the edge, but an abrupt end left me wanting to conclude the story....maybe we all want fairy tale endings and that is half the intrigue of the story, the 'bones' are there but the story is definitely not fairy tale! A good read hard to put down.
I didn't think I was going to like this book at all when I first started reading, BUT there's a BIG twist, and it's a great read! The only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars is it didn't end the way I would have liked.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book and found the main character fascinating. The characters in the book were brought to life and I think the author was at pains to make sure that the reader understood the psychology behind the actions of all of them. The plot was interesting and unfolded well. i appreciate that some bad language was needed to enforce the personalities but I  think the author should appreciate that sometimes less is more, and the swearing would have had more impact if it was not so abundant- shame, because it stopped me giving five stars.
This story is out of this world! It starts off a little slow but the main characters are interesting so no problem, just push on through the first 2 chapters and then you are hooked! I couldn't read the book fast enough, stayed up late on work nights just because I couldn't put it down! This was the first story I read by Gillian Flynn and I have to admit I am now a fan! I will be reading Sharp Objects in the next few weeks...can't wait to get started.
i was getting pretty excited about this book.  It had some good twists and turns throughout the first half and then, the twists and turns were too hard to keep up with.  I was really, really excited to see what Nick had planned at the end to get some vindication.  When I got to the end, I just scratched my head.  Really??  I spent all of these hours for this?  I loved the book, hated the ending.
I both loved and hated this book in turn. I really hope that people like Amy do not really exist, I did not like her, even though at first I could not see where the story was going, I nursed a deep suspicion about Amy . Nick seems at the very least odd, disconnected, entitled, and emotionally stunted. I wonder if the situation as developed by the author could have been possible if Nick had been more connected, more aware of the difficulties he created for himself. It is a mad. Crazy story, peopled by characters I hope I will never encounter. However, I will read Gillian Flynn again. She is a master.
I had heard that this was a great read.  So, I thought I would borrow the book and give it a try. It took a while to get into the story line.  Then it got interesting and I couldn't wait to see what was going to happen next.  The main character of this book is a little difficult to believe.  I don't see how one would be able to think ahead and do the things this person does.  I was disappointed in the end since it was too stranger to believe.  I think a better ending should be written.  Especially if it is turned into a movie.
A compelling read with no justice and extremely unlikable characters. I found myself fantasizing about the best way to take Amy down. That said, I was hooked till the very end and would have thrown the book at a wall if it wasn't on my Kindle.
Overall, this book had many twists and turns and the author did a great job of creating characters that were simultaneously lovable and yet you hated them. I really disliked the ending, but I was warned and it couldn't have really gone any other way.
As the author of THE SECRET LIFE OF CAPTAIN X: MY LIFE WITH A PSYCHOPATH PILOT, a friend told me to read GONE GIRL while researching my book. Talented Gillian Flynn wrote an incredible paging turning novel. Socialized psychopathy is definitely in there! A great read!
I had high hopes for this book - liked her first, slogged through second - but this one, alas, did not in any way, shape, or form live up to the critic's reviews or the effusive blurbs. I figured out the plot about 30 pps. into the book - life is too short to waste on trite, predictable books & this one is already in a bag in the garage, awaiting a run to the charity drop-off. Save your money.
Three little words that I have to describe this book: "Just Read It !" Flynn has written a novel whose female protagonist seems downright likable initially. As the plot line develops, the reader is plunged into a world of a pathological narcissistic liar whose needs for power and control is absolute. I devoured this book in five short days.Truly a best read for 2012.
One of the best books I have read recently. Kept me spellbound until the end - and I very much enjoy Gillian Flynn's style of writing.Fantastic  !!!
This book really drags you in. It is very clever with unexpected twists and turns. The audio book from audible is also very good.
I can't say enough about this book. When I started reading I thought "what the heck is this book going to be about" then the more I kept reading the more it became a book that I could not put down. It was truly an exciting, well plotted, twisted, mind bending, story. A book that would make Hitchcock proud. As far as all the reviews about the ending...not to worry. I thought the ending was pure perfection,and as one other reviewer said she thought the last paragraph of the book was "brilliant" and I have to agree. It summed up the whole twisted mind of that character. Brilliant, simply brilliant.
I found this to be the least best of her three novels. None of the characters were particularly appealing or sympathetic. Her first two books, Sharp Objects being the first one, are WAY better.
Wow !people you will love to hate. Reading this left me unsettled. I didn't know I could be drawn into understanding such completely flawed characters,rooting on for the demise of a fictional  person..The ending is perfectly unsatisfyingly flawed
This was my first Gillian Flynn novel and I must say I am quite impressed.  I'm always on the look out for a good thriller that  isn't cliche ridden and hopelessly tired like those of James Patterson or Dan Brown.  Flynn's new novel takes the reader on a roller coaster ride of emotions.  The shocks are frequent, but not schlocky,  rather cleverly well put together.  Without giving too much away, the two narrators are not only well crafted and believable, but you actually feel like you are inside two different heads.  I also feel Flynn takes a look at the ugly under belly of America's shock happy media.  What makes the story so good is that it is completely believable.  The Nancy Grace's of the world have turned the media into an overrun circus of shock and awe journalism. What is also great about this novel is the clever writing.  Very few thrillers combine good storytelling and good writing. Ms Flynn however is a writer at heart, and directs her story much like Hitchcock would have done with one of his movies.  I won't dwell too much on the action because I think part of the fun is getting to know these two characters and  walking around with them in their twisted world.  I think it's a perfect read for the summer.  My only criticism would be the ending.  Flynn had built up the story so high that the ending felt rushed.  That being said I still found the novel to be a wholloping good read!
The phrase 'God made them and matched them' comes to mind.  They each tell their story so sympathetically that your emotions about the other swing between extremes.At the end you cease to have any sympathy except for their unfortunate expected baby.  Your feeling is, &#34;God, don't they deserve one another!&#34;The story-telling is very clever and the convolutions of the narrative keep you on the edge of your chair.I'm old-fashioned enough to want the good to win out.  But there aren't any good people so you are left with a jaded feeling of having spent too much of your precious time involved with these nasty people.
The best book I've read in the past couple of years.A "whodunit?", or rather, "did he do it?" with constant twists and angles and insightful descriptions.Love the writing style. The characters were constantly developing and changing. Each half of this troubled couple constantly juxtaposed against the other. Just fascinating.Because it didn't garner favorable reviews from everyone, even being so wildly successful, I was prepared for the ending perhaps not being what I, and I expect all those disgruntled others, wished it would be.But the final two sentences quickly ended the impending doom of the novel not being tidied up so neatly. Just had to laugh out loud after reading the end. Gillian Flynn redeems that impending doom with one last bite of humor. Hurrah!
I really wanted to like this book.  How can over 1300 reviewers be wrong?  At 30% into the book I put it down and thought I would start a new book only to pick it up the next day.  Now that I have finished, I can't stop thinking about those poor screwed up characters.  To me, this is a true testament of a good book.  I didn't love the characters or their decisions, but I can't stop thinking about them now.  They are memorable.  Totally screwed up but, memorable.
This is, by far, the best mystery I've ever read.  Rich in psychological realism, and cleverly plotted, I couldn't put it down.  Ms. Flynn is a masterful storyteller, and the dual points of view are utilized to great effect.  Some readers may argue that Amy and Nick are unsympathetic, but good God, are they fascinating.  It's no wonder this book is a bestseller--it is THE BEST release of the summer.
It was not as shocking as people made it seem when I heard others discussing it, but it certainly was a well written novel that made me want to just keep on reading...and reading...and reading.  Cool twists...
Aweful!!!! Are you freaking kidding me? This was the most ridiculous book ending I have ever read! I'm absolutely furious that I wasted my time reading it. The only reason I'm giving it two stars is because it was decent until the last 20 or so pages. complete nonsense-that is how I describe this book.
Loved the story at the beginning even liked the middle but the story faltered after that up until the last part I would of given it a 5 told every one it's a great mystry/ love story but became to weird mudded
I enjoyed this book.  I love it when a writer keeps me guessing about how it will end.  This one did just that.
What book has everyone been talking about? Gone Girl. I read it. It's difficult to give a review of this book without giving away any surprises (and there are lots). Two voices in this book: Nick and Amy. They're both so different from each other, so flawed, so real. I haven't been this jealous of another writer's style in a long time.
HaHa- you do not know what is going on here for a while. Then the end twist is mind blowing because you have to think- could I do that??? It calls into question what we will do for love. Parental, romantic, friendly, philo, eros...Sorta mystery but with a deeper level of commitment to the cerebral.
The first 2/3 of this book was fantastic, worthy of all the media praise it has received. But then... the last 1/3 of the book completely falls apart. The characters, even the secondary ones, become more than flawed-- they are either utterly despicable (Amy, Nick) or pathetic cliches (Mo: "I'll love you no matter what" and even worse, Tanner Bolt).The ending? *Sigh* Just. Awful.
I found this story very disturbing. It was more so because it was so well written and the characters were so well developed. I sometimes felt sorry for Nick and other times angry at him. And his &#34;perfect&#34; wife&#34;' amazing Amy, was deranged, self-centered, intelligent, manipulative. She became more loathsome with each day. You got to know the parents with all their faults, Nick's girlfriend, so clingy, the cops who sometimes believed Nick and sometimes did not. Nick's lawyer was a colorful character too. &#34;Gone Girl&#34; was definitely suspenseful. It was hard to guess the ending. But when I got there, I couldn't believe it.
This was a very entertaining book.  I read it when it first came out and didn't want to put it down.  I'm very excited they're making it into a movie!
If I was as gifted a writer as Gillian Flynn I like to think that I would devote myself to creating works of art that were inspiring or uplifting and not create characters from the gutter with no redeeming characteristics in a story that has ultimately no meaning or value.  But hey, that's just me.  Four stars for Gone Girl, because Flynn has an amazing brain and the masterful ability to capture her observations on humans and their surroundings on paper, I admire her skill and have to bow to her talent. I can't give the book five stars because I save that for stories that I love, that I would recommend to others and that I will probably read over again, maybe more than once.The story kept my attention, which was good, but I thought the plot preposterous. It all hinged on Amy crossing every t and dotting every i successfully without erring, which in real life would probably never go as smoothly.  Even when she did screw up none of the supporting characters ever betray her. How convenient! I thought there wasn't enough back story on the husband...how did he get from Missouri to NYC? Where did he go to college, who was he before Amy?  He was kind of blank for being a protagonist.  The ending was so hopeless and evil and really, can someone be that sick and hide it until the end like that ?  I don't think so. So I found it, as I said, a little preposterous. I think there is a big difference between outsmarting someone, which was Amy's schtick all along, and being a psycho, evil creature, which she was at the end.  That's where Flynn lost me.
This novel was recommended to me from a friend at the gym, one morning while we both laboring on the elliptical machines.  He told me that he was near the end of the book, but simply did not want to finish it.  I promptly downloaded the book, and could not put it down.  It was a hot fudge sundae every time.  Delicious characters with a study in devious, sociopath type behavior. A very good, fast modern day read.
what a twisted ride! Gillian Flynn is amazing! I started reading, imagining that I knew the direction the story would take me in--then BOOM! Completely different direction. Then I think I know where it is going again and BOOM! different direction! I really wanted the story to end differently, but the fact that it ends the way it does kind of leaves you wanting more. Which is the best way to leave a reader. The characters were so well developed that you were rooting for one then the other! Amazing!
This was my first Flynn book.  I could not put it down, a page turner, I really liked it.  But..two butts.  I love great endings, and I was a little put off because this was not....rather abrupt.  But...after I thought about it I did kind of love the  rather sinister, abrupt  ending.  Second but....I won't read another Flynn book, because not one of the characters is endearing.  Not one. I need at least one character to be somewhat likeable....ok so, having said all that, I DID read another of her books, Dark Places...it was a bit slower, and her characters were just as unlovable...but...something about her writing is so compelling and draws you in.  Looking back on Gone Girl, I know I wanted to throw it at the wall, at the end....BUT  it sticks in my mind now as a very good read...including and because of the ending.
This book kept my interest and I would recommend it to others!  I didn't figure out the ending, which is the sign of a good mystery for me!
I struggled with this bookThe premise was goodHowever the execution was poor, the story was predictable and actually stunk of a Hollywood scriptIt will make a good movie though
The story is intriguing to start, but it stalls far too long until mid-way when Flynn delivers a sudden and startling plot twist that is rife with pathology.  A less-than-perfect husband finds himself at the mercy of his vengeful, narcissistic wife who has devised an incredibly complex plan to frame him for her murder.  The concept of the story is a good one, though some of the machinations seem incredible, and the ending is not particularly satisfying.  Still, this author tells a good tale, and I look forward to more from her.
I finally read this book because of all the wonderful reviews. It was a good story but for some reason it didn't feel 5 star to me. The ending left me hanging a little and it wasn't a good feeling. Not sure how this author managed to do this. First I started out liking both Nick and Amy. Then I started disliking Nick, then I started disliking Amy and by the end of the book I wasn't too thrilled with either of them. It left a bad taste at the end. I didn't have anyone to cheer for. I guess you could call it a book with anti-heroes.
I love books that keep me guessing...this one definitely did. Well written but a fast read because you feel like you are just listening in on conversations.  I would love to see a follow up book....
I didn't like it at all.  It gave me the impression that the author was trying to please the &#34;new&#34; generation of readers used to cursing that could have been done without.  The story is good but the way she presents it is not.
You'll be asking yourself that very question as you read Gone Girl. The novel gets your attention from the start, but I did find that after the first part of the novel the story did slow done a bit. It picked up halfway though. The story is told from the husbands point of view and the wifes point of view. His is present time and her storyline goes back to when they met and how the relationship grew. I did like this book, there are several twist and turns, but like a lot of people here, I did not care for the ending it just seemed so unbelievable after all that had happened in the book, or maybe it's just not what I expected our characters to do. The ending did not give me the "wow" that I was hoping for.
The well written story held my interest for the first two thirds of the book, hence my 3 Star rating. It went down hill after Amy reconnected with Desi ultimately leading to her return to Nick. Her pregnancy through the use of Nick's saved semen and her diabolical attachment to Nick lacked believability. Frankly, the ending was a huge disappointment.
I did not finish this book although I attempted to - got to page 66 with much and just could not go any further - very very poorly written and I spent money to purchase it - will sell it at my next yard sale or give it away!  I am an avid reader and I am shocked that this story stayed on the Best Seller Fiction list let alone even got there - who did the author pay??
I need to be able to relate to at least one character on some level to find a book worthwhile but this book . . .
I did like the suspence. I didn't like the ending. I would have ended by him walking away and her having a bi-racial child. I would have had the sperm samples mixed up and him notified about it.
Another Gillian Flynn Book I could not put down. She has a way of making you think of every possibility and yet still manages to surprise!!!!!As sick as this may sound, there are certain authors, that I hope won't die before they write MANY more books (Stephen King for example).  I find myself looking forward to more from Gillian and thinking the same thing.
The book really held my interest and I liked the way it was written from both of their perspectives. That being said I had to reread the last page 5 times and it still left me very unsettled. I felt like he knew she was maniacal and I coudn't understand why he said what he did about being glad he didn't have to wake up every day and be her...it was like he played into her hands. I think I get that they were both not normal (duh!) but I guess I just thought he was capable of outsmarting her and the ending just blew me away.
Very enjoyable, fresh story line...couldn't put it down. Author did a wonderful job keeping me guessing who and why, staying far away from cliches.
This book is absolutely amazing!! I can't wait till it turns into a movie (in 2015!), far away but I am sure it will be amazing. You will not be able to put this book down, it has you on edge at every second, every minute, every page you flip. I couldn't believe how awesome this book is as this is not my genre that I normally read. I don't buy into the hype with the reviews on books that aren't my genre but this one, the reviews are completely accurate. Get this book, you won't regret it.
I had a true Love/hate relationship for this book and the characters in it.  As I started the book, I couldn't imagine why it has been on the best seller list for these past weeks.  But as I read and was caught up in the tale woven by Gillian Flynn, I certainly understood it's popularity.  You have a roller coaster feeling for Nick and Amy - anger, disgust, compassion, frustration and then fear that switches back from one to the other.  After the first fourth of the book, when I settled in to the style of writing, I found it hard to put "Gone Girl" down.
I definitely found the book an entertaining read.  It was very well written and the writer does a great job with the plot.  I don't normally read thrillers but I like the way the writer approached her plot lines from the two points of view with surprises and twists a long the way.The readers seem to be very mixed about how the novel ended. It makes me want to re-read Jean-Paul Satre's play No Exit and think about it.  I think there is much in common with his play, given the nature of incompatible personalities who find themselves eternally bound in a personal hell.What kept me from giving it 5 stars:I did not like the characters nor found them engaging. These were not even people I could love to hate.  I stuck with the reading, but found that in the end, I didn't really care what happened to them.I thought there were too many f-bombs but I can understand why it was part of the novel's language.
As a fan of this author's first two novels,  Sharp Objects and Dark Places, I was anxious to see for myself what all the hype surrounding her latest novel was all about.Gone Girl, released in June, 2012, and at times I felt like I was the only one who hadn't read this one.  You know how sometimes when there is so much hype, you can get that disappointed feeling when your done?  Yup, that is what happened to me... I felt let down.In this novel, 30-something Nick and Amy Dunne were once a fairly happy young couple living in Brooklyn, NY. Well, on second thought maybe they weren't so happy after all, but I digress. In the 90's both were writers until a downturn in the economy left them both unemployed.When Nick learns that his twin sister Margo has also lost her job and has moved back to their hometown in Missouri to care for their dying parents.  Nick tells his sister that he and Amy will be moving to Missouri as well, doing this without even checking with Amy.  Nick and Margo, borrow the last of Amy's trust fund money to buy a bar in town. Then on the eve of their 5th wedding anniversary Amy goes missing.  She she just leave? Was she kidnapped, or did  Nick have something to do with her disappearance?Told through alternating points of view past and present by Nick (of Amy) and through diary entries by Amy (about Nick) prior to her disappearance, it quickly becomes impossible to determine the truth from the lies. Who's the psychopath?  Both Amy and Nick were equally disturbed, in my opinion, and one thing was certain for me -- they deserved each other.  Honestly, I don't think I've read anything in a long time with (2) such detestable individuals.Although the author did a good job creating an engaging psychological thriller, and the twists and turns were unexpected, the ending aggravated me. In the end I was disappointed at myself for caving to the hype.
"Girl Gone" was well written but I hated it and I hated the ending even more. To be fair after reading the book description and comments, I never would have purchase it. BUT it was gifted to me and I thought the polite thing to do was to read it. The first quarter of the book was full of psychobabble and questionnaires. It was so boring to me that I only read the book when I was at swim practice waiting on my grandchild. The last 75 percent of the book was not boring but just not to my liking.
Dark Places by Gillian Flynn absolutely blew me away? Compared to that one, Sharp Objects was a disappointment, and I almost didn't pick up Gone Girl... I'm so glad I did!Nick and Amy Dunne are living in a rented house in a almost empty development.  Both have lost their jobs to the recession. They've burned through Amy's trust fund, money from the Amazing Amy books her parents based on her childhood.  And on the day of their fifth anniversary, Nick comes home to find the front door open and signs of a struggle in the living room.Amy is gone. And the husband is always the first suspect...This is one of those books that I can't say too much about without spoiling the fun.  It's a psychological thriller that will keep you turning the pages to see what happens next. Is the story plausible? That's one of the complaints I keep seeing lately in reviews of the books I've loved. No, these things couldn't happen. But no one says they did. They're fiction, intended to be an entertaining read and not a depiction of real life.
I am giving this four stars because I was completely captivated by this book until the second part. I even forced my sister to pick up the book because I was so excited about it. The ideas were interesting and the dual narrative was a lot of fun for most of the book. However, it was very difficult the last 100 pages or so to deal with the fact that I absolutely hated both of the main characters. I mean, I wasn't rooting for either of them. But I guess that is a rather interesting dimension to a book...to kind of like both of the characters at some point and then wind up hating them both.  I mean, I really didn't like the ending at all, but since I kept on reading, there's something to it...like an accident you can't turn away from! Read it to see what I'm talking about!!!
I loved this book!  It kept me guessing the whole time!  I really enjoyed how it switched perspectives.  The ending was peculiar.  I got myself out of bed at 11:45 (I couldn't put it down!) to &#34;Google&#34; what the ending meant.  It doesn't seem that many people enjoyed the ending and I'm still not totally clear as to what is really meant.  Maybe that was the point of it, though.
When I started this book, I wasn't sure I would be able to get into it.  I decided to keep trekking along and finally got hooked.  I was extremely disappointed by the ending.  The ending totally ruins the entire book.  I cannot believe any editor read this and felt it shouldn't be changed.  Too bad because otherwise it was a great read.
I heard so much about this book, and how good it is.  I thought it was good, but somewhat predictable.  It was a slow read for me.
I liked the book but the ending was not at all what I expected. I just felt the ending was very weak.
It's been on the best-seller list forever, and on the library request list I was 367th in line, so I decided to buy it after reading the preview. I admit that it has engrossing, teasing, taunting, plot points (author Diane Chamberlain's words, spot on).I gave it such a low rating (between 2/3--the 3 only because it was hard to put down) as it has no redeeming depth, no empathetic characters, no heart tugging moments (any that are "real" at any rate) but like a bad accident, you keep looking. I say that it is skillfully manipulative because at first you don't like the husband, then you don't like the wife. It seems you were mistaken in your impressions of them as a person, which of course is intended by the writer, but it does keep your interest, although for this reader, even the ending wasn't satisfactory, albeit appropriate for these two quirky personalities. For those that might find profanity objectionable, this is right up there with the worse of them - the F word is used so often it has no impact after awhile, which of course is what its purpose is.Another thing that really bothered me was that the character Margo was called "Go" by her brother and sometimes (especially at the beginning of a sentence) it throws you off thinking Go is a word. I found this disruptive, many authors are doing that it seems, shortening real names to a ridiculous nickname, and it isn't necessary.
It took me a long time to get into it. I finished it only because my book club was reviewing it
I didn't read other readers review because I didn't want a spoiler.  But this is one of those books you needed to know what you were getting into.  I wanted to stop reading but decided this is a train wreck lets see what happened.  Boy was I shocked, half way through the book I was in awe.  I never saw it coming.  What an excellent author.  This book provoked so much emotions love, hate, anger, frustration.  I love and hated it and at the end hated it again.  I can't believe it ended that way. REALLLY!!!  Please tell me there is a sequel.
It is really a different way of telling a story. I like it a lot.I first started with loving Amy and hating Nick, then started grasping the whole story.
this book would make a really good movie, I was just a little disappointed and frustrated by the end. Other than that it was good.
the end is a bit (too) abrupt, but it's a cool idea and you never lose interest in wanting to know how it will go on.
"Gone Girl" ReviewAs Nick returns home from another normal day at work , he expects nothing but to open the door and greet his wife. Well, Nick indeed returns back home... but not to anywhere near what he expected. He comes home to a crime scene that depicts his "worst" nightmare. His wife, Amy, has gone missing. But what nobody seems to realize is that for the past while, their marriage has been going terribly, terribly wrong.I thought I had become overly involved with this book when I began reading it. The way the story was being told from both Amy and Nick's perspectives had me rereading a few sections and sometimes began to aggravate me. It made it difficult to know what was really going on because the time frame and the narrators kept switching. But this change in point of views made me skeptical on whose side I should truly be on as Nick stated, "That was my tenth lie to the police." But that seemed to make reading all the better.  I could tell that it was going to be the type of book that always kept you on yours toes and making you always eager to read more. As the book carries on, I became more and more surprised and even caught off guard at some points but this made reading ahead so much easier.As I got about three quarters of the way through the book, the back and forth of it all stopped being realistic and slowly began to lose my interest. Some of the characters flipped from good to incredibly evil in ways I legitimately could not believe. Not to mention, after becoming less intrigued with the book, the ending was horrible. Overall, it frustrated me. I wasn't disappointed. I was simply upset that I read the whole book only to get to that as the ending. I can't begin to explain how much I despised the ending of the book. I started with not being able to ever put the book down, to wanting to throw it against a wall.Besides the ending of the book, I do not have many complaints at all. The biggest criticism I have is that there is quite the large amount of foul language and a few vulgar descriptions within the book. I understand that sometimes language such as this is used to build their character but it began to become a disappointment. It did not drastically affect my readings but considering how many other words could have been chosen just made me less interested in the book and began to dissatisfy me as the profane language was overused.
I never heard of this author. Once I started reading it was very enjoyable. Ending was little letdown. Up to that point, it was well written, really captured your attention and made you wonder what is coming next. I will read the other book by this author.
After reading a review on shelfari some months ago, I finally thought I'd give this a whirl. I downloaded a sample on my kindle 'cause it said somewhere that it was a thriller and I didn't think I was in the mood for a thriller right now. Who cares what I was in the mood for? Because less than 10 minutes after I had downloaded the sample, I had purchased the book and was reading it with mounting heart palpitations.Nick & Amy have been married for 5 years, and they'd had their ups and downs, more downs in the past 2 recent years since their move from New York to Missouri to be closer to Nick's dying mother. On their 5th year anniversary, Amy disappears from their home amidst what appears to have been a struggle/crime scene. As the police & Nick try to make sense of what happened, they find the anniversary clues Amy always leaves for Nick on their day, hidden in special parts of town. Nick tries to unravel those clues, but without Amy's help this time and he thinks he can see a new side of her as he goes on his treasure hunt.The book moves between Nick's point of view, and past entries of Amy's diary leading to the present. After every entry you begin to see things in a different perspective, and as soon as that happens, Flynn gives you just enough details for you to completely skew your view of things.I felt sorry for Amy. I loved Amy. I hated Amy. I felt sorry for Nick. I loved Nick. I hated Nick. There's quite a bit of emotions in this book, in a sense that you really can't make up your mind on whose side you're on.**SPOILER ALERT**I did NOT like the ending. No, I don't want to guess what could happen, I want something clear cut. So yes, that's what I'm going to pretend happened.**END OF SPOILER**
Gillian Flynn is a master mind. Let me just start there. I was hesitant to purchase this book at first only because I had others in mind (e.g. The Husband's Secret), but the gist of it left me enthralled so I had to indulge. Not to mention it has earned 5,273 "5 star ratings" on Amazon alone, including my own, and is #9 (was previously #10) in Amazon's paid sales rank, despite its' release date of over a year ago.Gone Girl was so brilliantly written that I would love to write one of those reviews with a plethora of paragraphs, but I cannot do that without revealing any part of the story. With that said, I for one dislike "spoilers" and will not succumb to including any. All I can say is Mrs. Flynn does not miss a beat and she does not cease to AMAZE her readers. This was my first time reading one of Gillian Flynn's novels, and I can guarantee that I will be purchasing Sharp Objects and Dark Places. Gone Girl is psychologically thrilling, intriguing readers and making you think, all while blowing you away. As a psychology major, I loved the psychological aspect Gillian's plot creates, and this is one novel I would love to see being made into a movie. Well done Mrs. Flynn, I and many others, applaud you!
Well written format between Amy's side, Nick's side & Amy's diary.  Brilliant antoganist and carefully crafted writing.  Engages the reader in a provocative (not who done it), but why?
The story is strange, but once you get into it, it does hold your interest.  It is well written and I would recommend it.
I wasn't sure I was going to like this book but once I started it I just couldn't put it down.  And just when you think you know what it going to happen next.....not what you think.  I don't want to spoil it for anyone but I now know why this book has been on the best seller list for so long.  There is a little bit of everything....romance....suspense...thriller..... I feel it is unlike any other book I have read.....just read it and you will know what I am talking about.
Liked it so much - what a plot - that I ordered the other two and I'll bet after those I will probably buy anything else this author has written..  Great read!!  Couldn't put it down.
As bizarre as the story was, I enjoyed the whole psychological mystery wrapped around the love-and-hate relationship.  It was a little slow in the beginning; it took a few chapters for me to be fully engaged.  The rest, the last two thirds, however, was excellent.  The first person narrative being switched back and forth between Nick and Amy was brilliant; it certainly added a great thrill.  It was unexpected, unpredictable, and progressed at a great pace, and had twist after twist.  The ending was as bizarre as the story itself.
It's obvious why Gone Girl has been on best-seller lists for a while: so many twists and turns of the plot and such interesting characters make it a fast and intriguing read.
fabulous book.  You would never be able to guess what is going to happen right down to the last page.  Read it.
I absolutely have never read a psychological thriller like this ever.  How does this author get inside the heads of her characters?  There were twists and turns I didn't see coming.  I absolutely read this book in two days only because I could not stop reading.  I had to find out what happened at the end.
Her books are fascinating, well written, contain different subject matter, and it's easy to become engrossed in them.  I would recommend reading her novels - and start with this one!
I just purchased this book on the recommendation of &#34;The Week&#34;.  I'm only on the fourth chapter, but I'm hating it.  It is so poorly written, I am gritting my teeth - literally.  The author either is incapable of literary writing, or is too preoccupied with hipness and gimmicks to write well.  (Amy is a quiz-writer who wants to be a real writer, so each chapter told from her point of view is a diary entry in which she is supposedly honing her writing skills, yet she can't help including a quiz - really???)  If &#34;The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo&#34; gets a B- for literariness, this book gets a D.  I can sometimes get past poorly written suspense if the plot is sharp, but judging from the other reviews, the plot is very weak.
Really like the novel. Thought it was a good read. It kept me intrigued as to what was going to happen next. Liked the diary and format of the novel, very different than just a regular mystery/plot.
I bought both the hard cover as well as the Kindle book.  I did receive both in a timely manner.
A novel about a vindictive, spoiled mentally unbalanced young lady...Out to get her husband because of numerous slights on his part...
I liked this book til I got to the end.  It was definitely a page turner.  Then it just ended. Last page came and voila The End!  I know this is going to fly in the face of most of those who have given it 5 stars. I get the supposed &#34;psychological&#34; craziness this book was attempting to portray, but there could have been a better ending, one that impacted more.  I will say that to those who loved this book, the ending has definitely set the stage for a sequel.  Just not sure I'd read it!
A slow start but built interest to the very last page. Full of surprises and twists of plot. I could hardly put it down.
Initially the writing is skillful enough to sustain the changes in characterization. Unfortunately that does not remain true for the entire book. While I don't want to spoil the read for others, the ending is neither satisfying nor believable, just creepy.
It was hard to get into and when I did I really did not care for this book, it' language was not what I like.
I had put this on HOLD at local library when it first came out but with all the "hype" - I decided I would purchase it.  I should have waited for it to come in at the library!It has taken me over 2 months to finish the book.  In the meantime I have read 3 other books that were much more interesting.  Gone Girl just seemed soooooo long and drawn out - especially during the "first days" of missing.  Then toward the end the time frame jumped into weeks - which the whole book should have been.  Are there really people like this?????  Yes, there are people like this but it is so sad.
The best way to experience this book is to read it first, before reading ANY reviews. I loved the book, but I had read one review beforehand that, while it didn't contain any actual spoilers, still let me know enough about the plot to see what was coming from the start. So for me, I felt like the book would have been even more enjoyable if I had no advance warning of what to watch out for. That said, the plot was extremely fun to follow, like putting an intricate puzzle together. Very satisfying when the final piece clicks into place!
While the novel was intriguing, the ending was not. Curious enough was the stalemate, but I wanted one partner to win. Enjoy the mystery. The ending fell short for me ???
Great read, lots of twists to the story ....the ending left you hanging and wanting the next book.  Can't wait
I thought this was an interesting read with well developed characters. And I must say (without divulging the plot) that I was surprised (in a good way) by some of the plot twists which definitely made for a non-predicatable storyline. I gave this only 4 stars however, because I was greatly disappointed in the ending. It just fizzled for me and I could not reconcile why the main character would choose to do what he did.
The setting is a 5-year wedding anniversary when the wife suddenly comes up missing. Police are focused on the husband and the story begins. This book is so much more than just a who-done-it. In all honesty, there was not a character in the book that was a GOOD character. Everyone had their flaws, weaknesses and secrets -- perhaps that is what made this book so captivating. A very deep, well-thought out plot, this story takes you through the lives of two individuals (and their families) all struggling to find out who they are, how to break from the past while trying to keep their heads above water, financially and emotionally. This book was a roller coaster ride to say the least and in the end there was no GOOD guy, just an appropriate justice for the crimes committed. Be sure and find yourself some quiet time to read this, because you will NOT want to be interrupted. I think this book has the makings of an excellent movie. A must read!
This book was written differently than any book I have read before, with one persons view and then the next chapter being the other persons view.  And it continues that way.  I wasn't sure about how I would like it or if I would continue to read it but it did capture me.  I haven't finished yet but I can say you won't be dissappointed, this book gets a big WOW from me.  Incredible twists.
Strangely enticing, emotional seesaw. The story pulls you back and forth between the main characters, and the story develops in twisting waves.
the beginning was pretty slow.the middle was really great.i thought the ending really wasnt very good at all.think most people will like it though.
I agree with some of the reviewers that the ending is somewhat of a letdown.  However, I tried to view this in the light of being more of a perspective of marriage and its pitfalls and character studies of the spouses.  If you consider it in that viewpoint, it is a good book.  I wouldn't say it's a great book, because I prefer a more dramatic, concise conclusion and the end is not that.  The reason I bought the book is I heard that it is being made into a movie and I always like to read a book before I see the movie it is base on.  Definitely not your typical who dunit.
If you like Game of Thrones, where almost everyone is varying degrees of rotten, you'll love this battle of wills with a couple who take putting on a good face to the extreme.  I won't reveal the plot, since the twists really make the book.
This was a quick read and a very engaging book I would recommend this novel to anyone who likes a page turner!
The  book was pointless, ending the same as it began. the language vulgar and i would not recommend it to anyone.
I couldn't put it down.  Such a different story and extremely well written. Love all the twists and turns.  Surprises st every turn.  ENJOY......
I read this book in one afternoon.  It is humorous and sit urging at the same time.  Great summer read.
The book started off good.  Kept me interested.  The characters of Amy and Nick were written to be complicated and they were.  But, then it drifted into a direction of disbelief.  I found myself saying, what are you kidding me.  The Amy and Desi relationship was too far fetched, as was the investigation.  I wanted to rate this book higher and was looking forward to doing so as I was reading it.  But the ending, well it took what might have a 4 star to a 2 star. I can't say I hated it, cause I did enjoy the first part, but then it spiraled out of control, and lost all sense of being a well written novel. The ending was a let down and we as a reader and a consumer of this book deserved better.  Can honestly say, my Kindle will not be downloading any more of Ms.Flynn's books.
I considered it the best book I've ever read until I got to the end. The ending should have been completely different
Clever, easy read.
I have seen this book on the best sellers for a long time and when I heard they were going to make a movie of it, I thought, &#34; hey, if Ben Affleck thought it was good, why not read it?&#34; I  didn't particularly like the way the story jumped back and forth between the two characters, especially when they were on two different timelines. I will say that the author did a fine job of making you hate the characters. I like reading books where I like at least one of the main characters. I was rooting for Nick for most of the book and that kept me reading, but he sorely disappointed me at the end. I kept trying to figure out how he was going to redeem himself and he doesn't ! Hopefully Hollywood will change the ending in the movie. I would recommend that you wait for the movie release ( Ha!, the old Nick would love that!)that way if you don't like it at least you only wasted a couple hours of your leisure time
I was enthralled in this novel from beginning to end. There are surprises and twists that caught me off guard, but made for an excellent read. This is the best mystery that I've read in a long time.
ahhh duh this book is another great book by Flynn, cant wait to see the movie, but might not cause the book was so awesome.all of her books are over the top in my circle of friends that are readers.
It was an amazing mystery story with surprises around every chapter. The main characters were convoluted and it had a surprising end.
This was an extremely involving plot, with two equally hatable people! There was no resolution at the end, which was vey unsatisfiying, even though the author clearly seemed to believe that was forthe best.
Everybody said it was such a good book but I found it to be a little too explicit for me.
Good writing cannot mask a ridiculous story line.  Just as an example, and without giving away the plot:  a guy who is rich enough to own three houses (including a mansion in St. Louis's richest suburb and a Swiss chalet-inspired lake house on a private lake), who is socially competent enough to dine with friends every lunch at his country club, and who is good looking enough to be compared to a modern day Gatsby has been pining away for the main character for over 20 years, even though she ditched him abruptly at age 16 when they were high school classmates and even though she tried to frame his beloved mother for an assault she didn't commit.  The guy is so besotted with his teenage love, he has built a greenhouse dedicated to her favorite flower (Tulips!) and enshrined her high school tennis photo on his living room table.  For 20 years, he has regularly written her chatty letters (My golf game; my summer trip), and never once during the 20 years does she ever write back.  He then becomes the white knight in armor.  To say more would be to provide a spoiler, but it's downhill from here.Other plot twists are equally if not more implausible.  The author knows how to write and keep you turning the pages, but at the end of the day, you'll find yourself saying, "Oh, come on......"
This book had so many twists and turns.  Because it was such a good read, I am going to check out the authors other books.
Loved it, very different than what I usually read, a mystery with lots of twists and turns, kept me interested all the way through.
Because this has been on the best seller lists for over a year, I was pretty sure I would enjoy the book.  My problem is that there is not a single character I cared anything about and it's way too dark for me.
It was great! I took a chance on an author an and book I normally would not have read and I am so glad I did! It kept me reading when I should be doing other things!!!! Hopping for a follow up?
This is one of the best books I've read. So many twists and turns. Nothing to be skipped. I actually read it while taking a walk - on my Kindle - so that I'd walk at lunch time instead of staying in and reading. Risky, since I walk in a parking lot. But I couldnot put it down. Sorry when it ended. I'll have to try the author again.
I really did not like this book - would not have finished it if it hadn't been a book club selection.  I did not like the characters - I did not get emotionally involved in the book - I didn't care how it ended - the only positive thing I can say is that Gillian Flynn is a very skilled author to keep me remotely interested - have heard many others who felt the same way.  Do you remember the story of &#34;The Emperor's New Clothes&#34;?  That is the way I feel about this book being on the Best Seller List for so long - it's all done with mirrors.
really enjoyed this book...not was i was expecting! I loved Amy's side of the story even though she is nuts! Nick was an interesting character as I was mixed in my opinion of him...
I liked the first half of the book and I liked how it was different points of views as the other half. Man, did I hate his wife! You probably have to read it to know what I mean without spoiling it. The good thing is that this book actually made me have a feeling with a character (hating them, liking them etc) so that was something I usually dont get with other books. Its just ok.
one of those books that grab you from the first page.  Unique writing style...can't wait to read more of Flynn's novels!
Very, very skilfully plotted! I don't want to spoil it for those who haven't read it yet, so I won't say more than that the author is extremely clever at misleading the reader. However, I am not entirely sure that the ending is quite convincing.
Very different, very real.........  Could be you and your loving husband.......  looking into the minds of people, especially you and your husband........
SPOILER ALERT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Gone Girl is one of the most fascinating portraits of a psychopath that I have ever read. Amy Dunne discovers that her husband Nick Dunne is cheating and instead of divorcing him or having it out with him about the affair, she stages her own death so that Nick looks like the guilty party (but you don't know that until like half-way through the book). This is not her first rodeo either. Though she has never committed a crime to this scale before, she has a history of accusing people of rape/stalking when they piss her off.The story alternates between Nick's POV in the present and Amy's POV from her diary for the first part of the book. In the beginning, you love Amy. She's the victim. Nick has been emotionally distant and physically abusive. Plus, she seems naive and I can't help but feel sorry for her. Plus, Nick is a total dick in his chapters. He's too stoic and unlikeable, but he's also insecure (because of the emotional abuse he suffered as a child) and has bursts of love for his wife,  so you kind of feel bad for him too.Even after I knew beyond all doubt that Amy staged the whole thing and fabricated the Amy from the first part of the book, I still wanted her to live happily ever after and for Nick to go to jail. She manipulated ME so much in the first part of the book that even in the last bit, I was still rooting for her. That's insane. High-five Gillian Flynn. You're the man (I mean that in as non-sexist a way as possible)!This book was not only compelling plot-wise, but made some astute observations about married life and how two people can truly be in a addicted to each other in a toxic relationship. Also about women in society in general: how they often assume a personality only to attract men re: The Cool Girl. Gone Girl (at least from Amy's perspective) seems to suggest that the only way to be subversive as a woman in this world is through going after what you want, even if it means manipulating people, committing felonies, and ruining reputations.This book is technically a mystery/thriller and I don't usually read those kinds of novels. However, this book is about so much more. There isn't a ton of crappy police drama (I got Law and Order for that), which was nice. There was a lot of publicity/journalism stuff that I was like, ok, this is a little over the top. But all in all it was freaking amazing! Flynn is an incredible writer and deep, calculated thinker. If you want a book that will seriously mess with your head, this is it. Happy summer reading!
Let me start out by saying that I do not generally read mystery  books. I"m not a fan of gum shoe, who-dunits. But something about the description of this book pulled me in.I LOVED IT! In fact, it's at the top of my list of best books of 2012 (behind The Fault in Our Stars).Gillian Flynn created a taut thriller, full of so many twists and turns, the reader could get whiplash.But I think what made it particularly engaging, for me, was the underlying study of a marriage. I've been married for over two decades, and a divorce attorney for almost 20 years. I've been in a position to be an observer the the marriage relationship. I think Gillian Flynn understands marriage - very well. Though she's writing about people that, it turns out, are pretty darn unbalanced (an understatement), Flynn's exploration of the cat and mouse game of marriage rings very true.I've read the 1 star reviews for this book and almost universally, the one-star raters hated the ending. And I can see their point. But I think such readers are, perhaps, missing the author's point. I see her ending as a commentary on marriage. I can say no more without giving away the ending. If you are the type of reader that wants her thriller or mystery read to conform to the genre norms, than this book may not be for you. The ending is clever and in my view, the most plausible way to end all that came before. Giving it a pat ending would have felt wrong after all that came before.I enjoy a story that offers substance and Flynn delivers. She goes deeper than just looking at marriage. Gillian Flynn also deftly weaves into her story an indictment of our modern, media-driven justice system - and our media-driven culture. The book leaves the reader considering the question of persona. Where is the line between the real us - the real spouse - the real friend -- and the persona that people use when interacting publicly. All of us are, to some extent or another, in this age of social media, an "Amazing Amy."As a mystery, the book rocks. I usually figure it out right away. So I was happy that Flynn will keep me guessing up until the very end. And the end is haunting.My only criticism of the book is that, at times, there were just too many words. Each of the characters could go on, and on. I started to wax over. Especially when I got into Part II of the book, there just seemed to be a lot that could have been cut. Unessential character blabbering. Once again (my worn out refrain these days), a really good editor could have helped Flynn make this story so much tighter. Sigh, where have all the editors gone?Even if you, like me, are not a mystery reader, try this book.Gillian Flynn has earned a new fan.
It's not often I find a book that I don't want to put down.  Gone Girl was one of those books.  I found myself thinking about the characters while I was going about my day to day business.  By the end of the book I was questioning how well I really knew the people around me.
The story flips back and forth between present and past. Nick narrates the present, while Amy's side of the story unfolds through her past diary entries. Amy and Nick are writers, unemployed writers. They used to live in New York, but moved to Nick's hometown in Missouri to help his sister care for his sick and aging parents. Things are looking pretty bleak. Bleak is just the beginning though. Now Amy is missing.Gillian Flynn is fantastic at using language to set the tone. You know you're in for a ride right away. Slowly the past and present come together. As they do, Flynn drops little tidbits that make you think, "Wait... what was that?" Those little tidbits scratched at the back of my brain. I felt like I was squinting into shadows to make out something I just saw move. Those shadows are real, and there's an unbelievable twist hiding in them. This is a psychological thriller that continually surprised me. I loved this book. I've read both Sharp Objects and Dark Places, but I think this one is my favorite.
This book is nothing like I have ever read before! An absolutely riveting book, that kept me glued from start to finish. I was taken through a spiral of emotions and was completely drawn it.An outstanding plot and fascinating characters. Very cleverly written, and hugely thought provoking.Disappointing ending though &#61516;
"Gone Girl" is definitely one of my favorite books. It did take a couple of chapters to get into it, but once I was in, I was stuck! I couldn't put it down. The writing was fantastic and the plot was exciting! I have reccommended it to so many people. If you want a good read, pick it up. It doesn't matter what kind of person you are (male or female), all will enjoy.
Awesome till the end. Then I felt like it was a huge let down. Oh well, kept me entertained for most of it.
Loved every single chapter...the crazy twists you just couldn't predict.  I was in total shock every time I turned the page.  Kind of like a good movie that has you on the edge of your seat.  You just won't want to put it down.
Wasn't sure to begin with but the story sucked me in and I had to find out what happened.  There was something unsettling about the story and I found the characters frustrating at times.  I did enjoy the story though and I think it was the way the story was written that I didn't like?
I just had to read this book because it's been on the NY best seller list for MONTHS! I think it was a great story, well written with lots of shocking scenerios. But it wasn't a book for me. Not to give anythign away...it kind of just ended and you hate the ending...at least i did. It didn't seem right. BUT, then again it was a great book where the only thing i thought about was reading and finding out what happens, so i guess that is why i gave it 4 stars, but i hated the charaters in the end so i couldn't give it 5 stars, but hating the charaters might just be my opinion...i wouldnt be their friends or like them, but others might. So i recommend reading it, but i know i'll never read it again like i do other beloved books!!
I really enjoyed this book from the first page to the last. I enjoyed it so much I was compelled to look up a photo of Ms. Flynn and I do have to say it was like being struck by Cupid's bow if it had somehow been fired out of a cannon.Listen, I don't know if she's married or has a long-time relationship with a same-gender partner and it doesn't matter to me what her lifestyle choices are. I just want her to be happy. I know fame can be difficult and I tasted a little bit of celebrity myself when my college band opened for a little group you may have heard of called, "The Hooters" back in 1987. If you don't remember them they had a song called "And We Danced" that was a little bit of celtic fusion combined with pure pop dynamism. I played cor anglais and sang backup. But if you ask me my voice was far superior to Randy's. He just couldn't hit the high notes I could.Anyway I digress.I hope Ms. Flynn will read this review and realize that we are probably soul mates and that every minute we spend apart from each other is time wasted. But, Gillian, know that I cannot make the first move, it has to come from you. Look in you heart and I think you will see me there wearing a fez and a "The Hooters" concert t-shirt and cargo shorts.Great book.
the fist part is the mysterious part,a discomfortably enjoyable read. the second part: usually i dont feel like  i have to sympathize/empathize with any of the characters in a mystery-thriller so although this part makes u feel like a dimwit from the start,you say thats ok, this proves that the book has twists. then comes the third part, which,  i am almost sure, is written buy some person other (not an author but a regular person) than ms flynn.  sloppy, forced and DUMB. hope the movie version is better.
It's not long before the reader realizes where the story is going.  And what a terrible resolution to the problem.  I think the author got lost somewhere along the way.
I purchased this book after seeing it on the best seller list for weeks. I was disappointed in the story but have friends who have loved it!
I can usually figure out a book at least by the mid-way point; this book took me completely by surprise!  A good &#34;wow&#34;  book.
The story was different and I couldn't stop reading because I wanted to know what happened....and, guess what... The author blew the ending as far as I was concerned. You can't keep readers on the edge of their seat and then give them THAT.
She writes like a sailor talks. Why is it that writers and screenwriters are unable to write without the excessive use of the "f-word". It is as if they have nothing to say. I do not like the ending. Will not read this author again
I was really enjoying this book but the ending was terrible. Just terrible. The 3 stars is for the first half of the book. Now I heard they are making a movie of this book?  No Thanks.
The first half of this book establishes 2 characters, neither of whom you will like very much.  The 2nd half gives you the aha moments - many that surprise. The last chapter was a total surprise.  Kudos to the author for disguising that!Overall it's a good thriller.  Not great literature.  The characters are interesting, not great.  The setting is boring and cliche at times.  No great life insights.  No great historical enlightenment.  Gone Girl is solid on the entertainment front.  Take it on vacation with you.
I got this book because of all the wonderful reviews, but I did not like it at all.  I did not like the characters and couldn't feel any sympathy for them.
Wow!  Spent several nights burning the midnight oil until I finished this!  Can't tell you much without spoiling it.  Don't miss reading this one!
Haven't quite finished but very good. Like the authors format. Writing both protagonists "sides" in separate chapters so you know the story as it lead up to the current  story.
First of all, thanks to Kristine for this book recommendation. It was reeling!Team Nick or Team Amy? I'll stay on the right, so Team Nick. But the brilliance of Amy, wow! She's really just too smart! Kudos to Gillian Flynn for creating such sick characters!The start was a bit slow, but just enough to hold the reader's interest, then more than halfway through, it picked up steam, and there was no stopping the train!This is a story about a husband suspected of killing his missing wife; then the wife turned up and everything should have been clarified, right? The answer is no. The tale went on, and so I thought it would end another way, and then it veered again. Then the ending that is not an ending, but still a brilliant ending. At this point, I would clamor for a sequel..it would really be interesting how the author would write it...if I were her, I would have Amy die in childbirth, or would that be too heroic for her?Now officially a fan, I will be reading more of Gillian's books!
The first 90% of this book enraptured me....the two characters' brutal observations about human foibles and motivations were equal parts creepy, fascinating and cringe inducing in the &#34; that is sooo true&#34; kind of way...they captured the ickiness of our inner thought life perfectly.The drawing of the portrait of the mind of a sociopath was also fantastic and the mystery was certainly a slow, delicious burn...and then...cold water was thrown on the story when it should have been drawn to a satisfying conclusion.That's what this novel glaringly lacks...satisfaction. There is no one to root for, we start rooting for Amy only to turn against her after the &#34; twist&#34; which you could see coming a mile off, then we start to root for Nick only to be hit with the wildly implausible and anti climatic ending. Ms. Flynn seems to have forgotten one basic rule of character development....the audience will become isolated if there's nothing to identify with.I get the idea that the two characters become so consumed with their &#34; sickness&#34; in the end that they make their decisions accordingly....but the decision, especially Nicks, just doesn't...fit. Any fan of mystery, or any basic procedural on TV right now could come up with a hundred ways for the truth to be discovered, and Ms. Flynn leaves this glaringly unaddressed and the end effect is that it feels like a massive, lazy cop out.Great read until the end, or even two thirds of the way through but wildly unsatisying at the end of the day.
Interesting and unusual form for a novel. Good character development. The plot has some interesting twists which made me really want to keep reading to find out how it would end.
This was tremendous.the story line took you on a terrific ride. The characters were brilliantly developed.The way the story was told was suspenseful and intriguing.
Wow. Talk about a marriage (& people!) gone wrong. I finished this novel this morning and am still trying to process how I feel. On the one hand, it had me riveted, especially toward the end. On the other, I still feel slightly disturbed . . . and I'm not yet sure if that's a good or bad thing.Overall, I'm glad I read it. A lot of twists and turns. Flynn is a talented writer who really makes you think. In this case, it has me thinking about how easily marriages can unravel and go sour when partners begin taking each other for granted. Thankfully, there are no sociopaths involved in mine though. ;)
I knew about twenty pages into this book that I didn't like it.  I didn't like or care about either of the two main characters and that didn't change as the book progressed.  The only reason I continued to the end was because a co-worker had lent me the book and I knew he would want to discuss it with me.  Perhaps if I had liked the characters I would've been more intrigued by the mystery aspect of the story but I didn't, so I didn't.  Now, having finished the book, I know my initial impression was spot on.  I should've stopped reading twenty pages in.
I got so involved in this book, couldn't put it down. A definite must read. Reading into the minds of the main characters was great.
Enjoyed the story.  Nice easy read.  Nothing spectacular but again a nice easy read with a surprising but heart warming  ending..
This is the second Gillian Flynn book I've read. The first, "Sharp Edges" left me feeling icky. I started but couldn't finish "Dark Places." Then FINALLY I got the notice that this book was waiting for me at the library. I liked it, but as stated it left me feeling unsatisfied. I just wanted something to happen at the end, for that girl to get what she deserved and for the guy to...well...I'm not sure what I wanted for the guy. What I didn't want was for them to breed. It was good. I will reccomend it, but I won't fawn over it like some of the other reviewers here.
Okay so this is a descent book however, it was way overhyped for my liking. I thought this book would be ground breaking or at least new. But I've watched movies on Lifetime, i've seen real life stories, that have more suspense. Don't get me wrong I enjoyed the book I just thought the hype over it was not worth it. I did make me rethink marriage through. I think this is where the media is turning, bad marriages in general.I feel like everyone should read this but should keep there expectations reasonable.
I made the tactical error of reading Gillian Flynn's "Gone Girl" on a train between my home in Richmond and New York.  It was an error because several of my fellow passengers were getting annoyed at my semi-regular eruptions of "holy s***!"  It has been a VERY long time since a novel's done that to me, and that's a good thing.At first the story seems simple--Amy Dunne disappears from her suburban Missouri home on her fifth anniversary, and suspicion almost immediately falls on her husband, Nick.  As the evidence piles up against him, the story alternates between Amy's diary, which paints a rosy picture of their marriage while acknowledging that Nick can be, well, less than perfect, while Nick tells a very different tale about how they went from well-to-do writers in New York to a midwestern McMansion hanging on with his salary as a teacher at the local community college.  The story progresses relentlessly to Nick's practically inevitable indictment for Amy's murder.And then the second part--and the first explosion of "holy s***!"--happens.  It is impossible to explain without spoilers, I won't even try.  This is the type of novel where every single time you think it's heading for a conclusion it veers sharply and changes the story entirely.  I did find some elements to be a little too convenient and/or unbelievable, particularly towards the end.  I will say that unlike many reviewers I felt that the ending was the only way this novel COULD end.  It would have been so easy to have a pat, predictible ending, and I credit Ms. Flynn for avoiding that.Based on my own experience, read "Gone Girl" by yourself during the day, because you'll be up all night turning the pages or startling strangers on public transport with admiring profanity.  Definitely worth the hype that it's gotten.
I absolutely loved this book. I looked forward to every session listening to it (the audiobook). Smart, sharp writing. I will definitely look for more from this author! I had it for a book group and all (mostly) enjoyed it!
Amy and Nick have been having marital problems, and when Amy disappears amid suspicion, Nick is the prime suspect of what is a suspected murder.This was a tough one to review. While it was well-written, clever, and engaging (keeping me reading, wondering what was going to happen next), there was something ultimately unlikable about it.This book is written in the perspective of Nick, who is reeling from the disappearance of his wife on their anniversary, and the diary entries of Amy. Amy's diary entries take you through the years leading up to their anniversary, both the good and the bad, and it becomes clear that there was a lot of bad. Things don't look good for Nick, who seems to be a self-serving, self-centered worthless husband, and the evidence mounts against him, making it appear that he did indeed kill his wife and dump her body. But did he? You're never quite sure. And at other times you aren't even sure he is really such a bad guy. At times he seems genuinely confused and grieving.This is one of those stories that has you going this way and then that, like a Dateline murder mystery. Yes, he did it! Wait, no, I don't think he did do it. Yes, he did! No, he didn't. Back and forth.The characters were very well developed slowly throughout the story, the storyline was a winding road looping around on itself. There were a few plot points that were kind of preposterous, but overall it was a pretty enjoyable story.My final word: When I asked myself what it was I didn't like about this story, I found the answer was simple: the characters. I couldn't stand them. By the end of the story, I was sick of them both and glad to be rid of them! But the story itself was pretty well-crafted and very clever. Overall I would recommend this story if you like to be kept guessing.
It takes a pretty talented author to make you root both for and against two conflicting characters, but Gillian Flynn pulls it off brilliantly. The only thing holding me back from giving this book five stars is what I felt like was a clunky beginning. I had a hard time getting into the writing at first, but then things seemed to find their way and smooth out and I couldn't put it down. So, if like me, you are in the first 10-15% of the book and wondering &#34;why all the rave reviews?&#34; Keep reading. You won't be disappointed.
The premise for the story was interesting, especially in developing the ironic turns in the story.  But the story in and of itself was a bit over done.  The murder of Desi, which Amy called &#34;an isolated incident&#34; was not in keeping with the rehabilitated Amy who by the end of the story is to become a mother.  That weakness in the plot structure took away from the climax of the novel.
Very, very interesting and gripping novel!  Read and enjoy it!  It was so interesting on so many levels; quite the story
I found out about this book after hearing about the movie. I couldn't put it down.  The author had me going but also feeling there w a  more than a simple murder. The change in th  story was awesome. Devious to the nth degree.  I love  it.  The unity between Nick and Amy is perfect. The ending is perfect.
Gillian Flynn is brilliant at exploiting the common place, the mundane. She takes something like marriage, which has the potential to be a lifetime of happiness or go exceptionally wrong; and magnifies the nuances. Gone Girl made me question my own marriage for a hot minute. I accidentally put it under Gillian's microscope... Gone Girl made me uncomfortable, and I liked it. I have a hard time finding books that I truly get invested in. Didn't have that problem here. I read it on vacation and I couldn't put it down.
This book was so great, such a different style of story telling, so unpredictable, i wish there was more story.
A compelling read, well written.  However, I did not like either of the main characters.  I like to read books where I like the characters.  Very unsatisfied with the ending.
this book was a good read and kept me guessing, enjoyed it to the end. would definitely recommend it to friends and family
There is so much I loved about this book, I don't know where to begin.  I was hooked from the very beginning.  The writing style is compelling and I could not get to the next page fast enough.  I became invested in both the husband and wife characters in this portrait of a marriage going south.  The author nails the ending, which makes &#34;Gone Girl&#34; an absollute success from start to finish.
I don't often read outside of my comfort zone. I love science fiction and I love fantasy and not much else holds my interest. Every once and a while though I'll take a risk and venture outside my safety bubble. GONE GIRL by Gillian Flynn was recommended to me with infectious enthusiasm. It wasn't my usual cup of tea but the premise was perplexing and so I decided to give it a shot. WOW, I am so glad I did not let this one pass me by.On the morning of Amy Dunne's fifth wedding anniversary she goes missing. As the investigation gets rolling evidence leads the police and the public to suspect the obvious: it's always the husband. There is more to the story than Nick Dunne will let on but does that necessarily mean he is to blame for the disappearance of his wife?It's always the husband. Right? Maybe not...GONE GIRL is the best sort of book. This is the sort of novel that will challenge your preconceived notions. This is the sort of novel that will absorb you fully and not let you go until you flip the final page. Even then you are bound to continue mulling it over in your head. This is the sort of book that dominates your conscious, whether you're at work or school or whatever it is you people do. I don't take time to reflect on books as I read them. I just don't have the luxury. With GONE GIRL I was pausing every fifty pages or so to contemplate what it was that I had read. And even then I finished it in a few sittings. I got this book on a Tuesday and had finished it by Thursday night. At 400 pages and given the concerns of daily life that is no small feat.So what makes GONE GIRL such an addictive book? For starters it is incredibly well written. From start to finish, GONE GIRL is a nearly flawless psychological thriller. The book is told from two perspectives, Nick and Amy's. Nick's POV picks up the day Amy goes missing and continues on with the investigation. Amy's POV is past-tense, told in the form of diary entries leading up to the disappearance. For the entirety of the novel Nick maintains his innocence, but he also confesses to a number of indiscretions. The entries from Amy's diary paint a very different picture of Nick, as well as a very different picture of Amy. Readers will experience the two falling in and out of love, the highs and lows of the marriage, from two perspectives that don't quite match up.The characters of Nick and Amy are real people. At least that's how it feels. Flynn crafts remarkably authentic characters and utterly believable relationships. I developed genuine feelings for both leads, feelings that morphed and grew over the course of the novel. It's impossible not to care about these people. That doesn't mean they are necessarily likable. I've seen some complaints that they aren't "likable enough." Well yeah, that's true in a sense, because they are placed under a high intensity microscope. The deeper you look into someone the less you will find to like. But it goes both ways. The deeper you look into someone the more you can find to admire. I had anxiety over finishing the novel because I cared that much about these characters.The ancillary characters are also well drawn. It takes no effort at all to picture these people and their motivations and their relationships. There is no shortage of suspects, even though all of the evidence seems to be pointing in one direction. It is enough to make you wonder how thoroughly the media influences perception. Everyone always assumes the husband is to blame but that's what we have been conditioned to believe.GONE GIRL is a psychological thriller of the highest order. Hitchcock style. The suspense is almost unbearable. Horror movie directors need to take some freaking notes. This is how you do it. GONE GIRL is too involved for a movie but I would love to see it picked up and developed as a television mini-series. Even when I expected one twist I was still floored when my revelation came true. It's just that good. There is some very dark, very twisted stuff here but none of it is beyond the realm of belief. And that's what makes it so creepy. This could happen to you. It could happen to me. I really, really hope this doesn't happen to me. It just goes to show you, sometimes the most disturbing thing of all is not knowing someone half so well as you think.Recommended Age: 17+Language: Plenty.Violence: Uh, wow I guess there really isn't any violence. But it is discussed.Sex: No real sex here either, but there is discussion of sex. \Nick SharpsElitist Book Reviews
This is the first book that I have read by Gillian Flynn but have subsequently bought her other two books. She is the master of the sick mind and twist in the tail, you can't believe that there could be people out there that are like the characters in her books.
Reason for Reading:  I loved Flynn's Dark Places and was excited to read another book by her.I was excited to read this as I had enjoyed Dark Places very much and have seen the reviews for this popping up all over the place; while not reading them, I was taking note of the 4 & 5 star ratings.  I have to say I was a bit let down from my expectations.  As I started reading Part One,  I just really didn't find myself all that intrigued as I couldn't ge over how the events mimicked the Scott Peterson case item by item so of course I knew that meant the husband wasn't the killer because what kind of book would that be? So no suspense as everything was expected as it unraveled in Part One and I had thought of a few ideas as to what may be going on and was not shocked at the twist that came with Part Two.  Basically, the whole plot of the thriller didn't *thrill* me.  Now, I won't say I didn't enjoy it as I did once Part Two was under way, but I was underwhelmed.Secondly, the two main characters, both the husband and the wife, I found completely repulsive.  I didn't like either of them as people and was unsatisfied with the ending.  I connected with the sister, Go, but it just isn't that compelling to read a crime story about people you don't care for.  So overall, while the plot had twists and kept me reading to find out how it all turned out in the end, I found this book to just be ok.
Great mystery suspense novel; just when you thought you sort of had it figured out, we'll, you didn't. And then you didn't, again. Fast paced writing. Descriptive in a concise way, without all those tedious little details. I loved the fact that the author chose to tell the story from both the main character's perspectives. It kept you thinking. I immediately downloaded Dark Places when I was finished (can't put that one down either).
The book took a while to get really into because some of the information was not necessary.  Once I got into the book, however, it was really good!!  You just have to keep reading :)
This is one of the best books I have ever read. Really different story line that gets you in so you want more and more. Loved the characters and the story is great and complex and not predictable at all. Makes you want to read anything this author writes. Loved it!!
Very interesting, plot flowed well. Great airport/traveling read. The entire time you are guessing who is the culprit. You are kept on edge until the end and it does not disappoint.
I LOVED this book.  Things are not always as they seem and this book is a brilliant example of that.  If it were up to me, I would have changed the ending, but even so, brilliant book.Just when you think you have it all sorted...bam. New development.Do yourself a favour. Read it. Now.
I'm an avid mystery/thriller reader, and I have to say that this book was PHENOMENAL. I've only felt compelled to review maybe 1 or 2 other books.  I read it in about 2 days, it was so well written.  A well deserved 5 stars.
I enjoyed 99.9% of this book. The anticipation of the books ending really had me involved. To me, it was anticlimactic. Oh well. Still a decent read and cool concept.
This book was an awesome read! Definitely deserves 5 stars!  This book had me hooked from the beginning. The characters are strong, cunning, & well written. One moment you are rooting for them, the next you can't stand them. The book keeps you thinking on the edge of your seat and is very riveting. Wasn't 100% happy with the ending but no big deal as the rest of the book was very good. I highly recommend Gone Girl! Looking forward to reading more of Gillian Flynn!!
So, this book is getting some slack for the ending and while I didn't expect the book to end this way, I loved it! It is different. No spoilers but man, people, open your minds to possibilities. It was anything but predicatible. The cliche thing didn't happen. Loved it. Finished it in 2 days. Definitely recommend.
Not like I thought it would be....I figured it out from the get go. I wish it had more turns.
I really wanted to put this book in my best-book-ever category. But it turned out to be as anti-climactic as it was riveting. This a tale of: who-done-it meets what happened meets what's-the-truth? That makes for an addictive read and I was up late at night eager to find out how the story would unfold. The story shifts between Nick's perspective during the investigation of his wife's disappearance and entries from Amy's diaries, which chronicle the couple's first meeting in NYC and the decline of their relationship over the next 5 years. It's their contrasting views of their marriage that raises all kinds of questions, one of which is Nick's involvement in Amy's disappearance.There are no true heroes in this story. Not in the traditional sense. One could argue that the term villain is relative in Gone Girl. This isn't a story about a nice, married couple. Ms Flynn's main characters are so well crafted, dark and complex that I understood how Nick and Amy became the people they are, even if I didn't like the things they did. The unraveling of the marriage felt real because it came in bits and pieces over the years until Nick and Amy finally arrived at a broken relationship.The whole thing fell down for me about 2/3 in. The big twist reminded me of the finale of a best-selling Scott Turow novel. If you've read his books you might know the novel in question and see the similarities. I was still intrigued to find out how Gone Girl would end. But the resolution hinged on a backup plan conveniently working out. Some folks can overlook it, but I can't. The premise of the story was based on a meticulously calculated scheme and to have it fall apart then "work" based on a convenient timeline flies in the face of the story's groundwork. I just couldn't buy into what the last 100 pages were selling though I wanted to because the initial story approach and the writing was very good. For me, the ending felt anti-climactic. I wasn't looking for a perfect, bow-tie ending but this felt like a hallow victory and it didn't match the story that I started with.That said, Gone Girl is an entertaining read and as long you don't get caught up in hyped-up expectations, then go for it.
I had 4 different people recommend this book to me. At first, I had a really difficult time getting into the book, and almost put it down, but decided to push through it since so many people told me to read it. Slow start, but picks up. The ending is crazy and I hope another one comes out.
I absolutely could not put this book down! It was so twisted and clever...it had the reader questioning everything the narrators said until the end!
this book is just awful,so much so that I am convinced that the good reviews are part of a PR strategy and fake.
Woah. Gone Girl is messed up. Like, reeeeeally messed up. But in the best kind of way. It's a story about marriage gone wrong. Very wrong.On the surface, Nick and Amy seem like the perfect couple. She's a cool girl, the ideal sort of wife. He, the doting and dutiful husband. But on their 5th wedding anniversary, Amy goes missing and Nick quickly becomes a suspect, THE suspect, in her disappearance. As the story unravels through Amy's diary entries and Nick's narrative, so do their lies. It turns out that Amy and Nick aren't who we think they are. And this is where things start to go a little crazy.Let me tell you something about Nick and Amy Dunne. SPOILER ALERT: They are HORRIBLE people. I don't think there's a single redeeming quality about either one of them. Nick is philandering and misogynistic and Amy is a narcissistic, needy sociopath. They are AWFUL. Truly AWFUL. Their relationship is AWFUL and if I had the choice to spend my time Amy and Nick or spend the rest of my days in the pit of despair, I'd choose the pit every time. EVERY. SINGLE. TIME.There is seriously so much hate between them and the ridiculous lengths at which they go to torment one another is appalling. Each of them is vindictive and conniving and cruel in their own special sort of way. And this is exactly why they were made for eachother. But what's really surprising is that as unlikeable as the characters were, the writing was well-executed and the plot complex enough to keep me guessing, even when the majour twist was otherwise predictable. Flynn had me from the very first page. This is one of those stories where everything you're told and everyone you meet is unpredictable, unreliable. You'll spend the entire time forming theory after theory and it's misleading and frustrating and brilliant. I always felt like I needed to know more, to delve further into the darkness of Nick and Amy's twisted relationship. I needed to be a part of their madness. It's sick. The whole story is sick, the characters are sick and I am sick because I loved every sick minute of it.Oh god, and don't get me started on the ending. I can't even think about that ending without wanting to hide in a dark corner and pray for sunshine and unicorns and rainbows. It was that sadistic. And powerful, so powerful. And perfect. Even if my mind was totally blown. And anyone who can evoke that sort of reaction out of me definitely earns some mad respect in my book. So well done, Flynn. Very well done.Food for Thought: Gone Girl has to be the most twisted love story ever written. While full of loathsome characters, deception and misdirection, this dark tale will horrify you and satisfy you in all the right ways. Though I didn't find the big reveal to be all that surprising, the ending did catch me off guard. It's quite telling and will evoke a visceral reaction out of the reader, even if it's not a happy one. Gone Girl is the first book in a long time to take me by surprise in the way that it did and I loved every torturous second of it.
I like the book and was compelled to finish it. Great twist of events! The characters felt superficial and plastic, which I guess is the point of the book. Some people are not who they appear to be. Read it fast. It's not one of those books you don't want to see end. You might actually be glad it's over. Modern day superficial twister!
This is a novel that is trying too hard to be creative, so much so that it was difficult to read ... sometimes it's best to simply tell the story.
I'm embarrassed that it took so long for me to jump onto the Gone Girl bandwagon. It's been at least a year (maybe even longer, I can't keep track of time anymore!) since I first started hearing everyone rave about how great this book was...but somehow it took until last weekend for me to finally get around to getting my hands on this novel.Because it took me so long to read this book I knew that there were only two ways it could go. Best case scenario...it would live up to it's hype and maybe I would discover a new author. Worst case scenario...I would not like this book and be terribly disappointed at the hype (much like the Twilight series...lol).Somehow though, Gone Girl did not go either way...it completely surpassed any expectations I had developed by the numerous reviews I read. It was a completely insane experience, I don't think I've ever read a book that completely shattered me at every chapter. Every single time I thought I had figured out what was happening, what was going to happen...Flynn completely switched everything around so what I thought was truth turned out to be fiction. And this happened over and over again until the very last page. Definitely NOT the kind of book I should have been reading at work as it took every ounce of my willpower not to push my work aside to keep reading.Supposedly, Gone Girl is going to the big screen...and honestly, I have NO idea how they are going to pull it off...I don't think it's going to translate very well.
What a pair.  By the end of the book I was hoping that they would just kill each other.
I am not sure what all the hype is about this book. While I am not a prude, I just think the language was overboard. I could not like either Amy or Nick. Hated the ending.
Took a while to get into the book then I was great..real page turner..then thevabruptnending,  what the heck?!?  Hope they change the ending in the movie.
One surprise after another.  Hard to put down.  Not too happy with the ending, but that's life.  Read it on vacation and will read more by this author.
I really enjoyed this. I had been hesitating about purchasing this book because of the reviews concerning the ending. While I agree that it was not the most satisfying ending, I thought it was appropriate. It works. It was not some kind of cliffhanger, but it was not terrible.The main characters were well-developed and the supporting characters were equally lovable or "hateable"! I found myself hating and loving and hating certain characters throughout the course of the book.If you like page turners and unexpected plot twists, you will love this book as much as I did!!! Enjoy!!!
A good romping read. Roller coaster and darkly fun. Leaves you thinking, even if you recognize that the very flawed individuals also need some psychological intervention!
"Gone Girl" was absolutely brilliant from start to unbelievable finish. Until now Edward Albee's George and Martha  (Whose afraid of Virginia Woolf?) were probably the epitome of toxic couples in fiction.  Not any longer.Amy and Nick are celebrating their 5th wedding Anniversary in Carthage Missouri.  (Ironically the University where George was a professor of History). The only problem with this scenario is that Amy is missing, it appears that Nick may have had something to do with her disappearance, and the police suspect foul play.  Nick and Amy's disintegrating marriage is explored in alternating chapters.  Nick's POV is written in the present while we learn about Amy from her diary.  Just when you think you know where this book is heading it veers in a direction that was totally unpredictable.There are so many topics for book clubs to discuss you could probably spend three weeks and not scratch the surface. (The media's role in manipulating the public's view on a  defendants guilt or innocence, the games people need to play in order to feel worthy of love).  The secondary characters were so well written they could warrant their own books.  Equal parts psychological thriller and social satire the Dunne's emotional dependance upon each other gives new meaning to the words "until death do us part".If you read one book this summer - this is the one.
What initially seems like a good marriage gone wrong completely takes a 180 in a spell binding stunner.  I was up until 3:30 am reading it. I never saw what was coming - it was layered with complexity and astounding detail. Not only in the crime, but the mind of the person who created it. Do Not Miss This Book! Literate suspense thriller. If this is a debut novel, I can't wait to see what comes next.
I wish I had never read the misleading review, this book has no redeeming qualities. The characters are not believable.
Talk about great and imaginative writing! Liked the way the author shifted the narrative perspectives from the "hero" to "heroine", and wrote good character descriptions.  I guessed midway through the book some of the things that happened but that did not deter me from reading;  very fun book!
I am still processing the ending to this book, overall I think the book is great! Wasn't sure how it was going to end, I was surprised.It wasn't anything I predicted.
SPOILER ALERT: Like many other reviews, I did not like the ending. However, it doesn't make me like the book any less. I just wish the wife wouldn't have gotten away with all that. I wish the husband could have been free of her. But the ending was not poorly written.
Interesting read but not a book I took anything from.  The main characters are people I would not care to associate with.
First person narration is a favorite of mine, so a friend gifted me a copy of this e-book for Christmas (it was a book she loved and she knew I'd love it, too). Not all authors can pull off first-person narration, but this author did it splendidly -- handling the viewpoint of two different characters. Both characters have their own definite personalities and ways of expressing themselves.Some find fault with the ending of this tricky tale, but for me it was satisfying and fitting. Your mileage may differ, but even if it does, it's still worth your while to read what comes before the final pages.This is an author to watch.
Wow, 12,000 Amazon reviews.  I am pretty critical about books, but found this one to be a classic thriller along the lines of Hitchcock, with more twists and turns than a Colorado mountain highway.  The characters are well-developed, and while I found the ending astounding - not what I expected - it was consistent with both Amy's and Nick's character traits.  There are no characters in this book you will like.  What Nick did was wrong, but Amy's retribution was way out of proportion.  At the end, it comes to her always wanting to "win" as she defines it.  Often in life there is no justice or fairness, as is the case here.  This was a page-turner supreme.  Well-written and this book will still be read 50 years from now.  My only criticism is too much gratuitous sex and sex references - definitely "R" rated.  Believe the movie based on the book will also be an "R".
At the end of the day, a book is supposed to entertain and the author achieved that.  I didn't have a problem with the beginning.  I was amused by Nick's voice and to counter that with diary entries was an interesting choice.  And yet at the first hints that Nick may be guilty of this crime started dripping through, I started flipping the pages faster.  Then I hit the 50% mark on the Kindle and the author snatch the rug out from under me and I was left suspended in the air for the next 40%.  It's that last 10% that has me knocking a star off my review.  What kind of ending was that?  How anti-climatic.  How disappointing.  But I guess the ride was good while it lasted.
I was really caught up in the book  and enjoyed it until Amy came back. So much thought and cleverness and then nothing. Amy returns and they live day to day torturing each other and then these awful people get pregnant.
I would recommend this book to everybody! Entertaining as well as intelligent I will also pass it on to a friend! Thank you!
I have never read a book where I had no sympathy for any of the characters. I ended up hating all of them. I read the book because I kept hearing how everyone liked it. I had to finish the book just to see how it ended. Personally I hated the book.
I read Sharp Objects by Gillian Flynn. It won the Dagger Award and was an Edgar nominee for Best First Novel, a BookSense pick, and a Barnes & Noble Discover selection. I didn&#8217;t like it. It was a slow read and at the end I wondered what the point was. The author flirted around with the problem of sexual abuse and self-mutilation by cutting but nothing was specific.I say if you&#8217;re going to write a book about something shocking do it. Don&#8217;t go all The-Sound-And-The-Fury on us.So with trepidation I read her third novel a &#8220;best seller&#8221; and I have to say I am very impressed. The novel uses its three-part structure well. The two main characters, Nick and Amy Dunne, take turns by chapter telling their stories in first person. Amy Dunne disappears on the fifth wedding anniversary. Nick Dunne is shocked. A few chapters later we can&#8217;t help but get suspicious of him. It looks as if his wife has been murdered and the crime scene staged to look like an abduction. I will not go any further into the plot because the reader needs to discover all the plot twists alone to really appreciate the book. In case you were wondering how we can share the wife&#8217;s perspective if she is dead &#8211; by reading her diary.Gone Girl is an excellent study in human nature, and specifically the scary traits of the psychotic. That a female author wrote a man&#8217;s perspective so well is impressive. It is almost as if two writers are writing the book instead of two fictional characters.
Could not put my Kindle down, definitely a page turner.Twists and turns throughout.  Gillian Flynn knows how to hold the reader's attention.I would hope for a sequel.Don't hesitate to purchase...I loved it!
Flynn is obviously a talented writer, but this book took me to a place I would rather not have gone. This book reminded me of an episode of 'Seinfeld' or 'Always Sunny' in that our protagonists are horrible people who do horrible things and life goes on. Problem is, this formula doesn't work as well packaged as a thriller novel.
Gone Girl written by Gillian Flynn is an interesting thriller based on an unusual theme. The book is based on commitment. Gillian uses marrage as the commitment which forms the backdrop of the story. Told in a span of few months, the story starts on the fifth wedding anniversary of Nick and Amy. The couple has known each other for more than 5 years but they have been married only for 5 years. A perfect marriage for outsiders, all is not well in the paradise.When Nick reaches his workplace on the fifth anniversary of his wedding, little does he know what is in store for him. He is not a big planner. So he hasn't bought the gifts for his wife. Soon, he realizes his wife is missing. Like all missing women cases, the husband is naturally the suspect. To make matters worse, there are many inconsistencies in Nick's behaviour on that particular day which makes him the suspect for the cops. Is Nick guilty? If he is not what happened to Amy? We find this out as the story progresses.The book stands out for mainly for the narrative style. The story is told from both Nick's and Amy's perspectives. We get to see the man's side and woman's side in the same story. This is much better than a third party narration or first person narration. Marriage brings two people closer. But does it make sane or insane? In the modern times where the emphasis on self, does living together with another person drives people mad? Is it true that a person is different during courting period - tolerant to mistakes and imperfection - and the chord of restraint is broken a few days after living together. Gillian makes us ask these question while reading the book. Finally, since the story flip flops between Nick's and Amy's perspective, their character and flaws are shown to us in layers.Take up this book if you are interested in thrillers. You can also read this if you are interested in reading about complex relationships.
This is one heck of a story.  The reader's sympathies constantly switch from one character to the other and then back again.  It held my interest right to the last word.
Tough to get into for the first 50 pages. Hated Both characters.  Absolutely despised her by the end. Sick characters and an awful ending. Ugh!
There are plenty of reviews summing up the main plot points, even a few spoilers, so I won't take the time to add any further plot details.First: the writing. Mediocre at best. All the "psychological insights" are right out of an Oprah/Dr. Phil show. There is nothing deep about this book, other than the deep pile of dung that you have to wade through to get to the end.The book is divided into three parts. The First Part of this book starts off interestingly enough, grabs you and pulls you in. However, about half-way through the first part it seemed rather obvious what was going to happen. From the moment Nick got home, to find his wife missing, I knew what the "surprise" was going to be.The "surprise" at the start of the second part was only surprising because I figured the "surprise" would come closer to the end.By the time The Third Part arrived, I skimmed through the pages, just wanting to end the painfulness that is this book. Believe me, this was a page turner, and not in a good way. I almost gave up (and, in retrospect wish I had).There is nothing redeeming about this book. It's about love gone very wrong, and people who are not very likable. Maybe Nick's sister Go is ok, and one of the detectives is ok. But, really, the hate in this book is so powerful that it suffocates you. And, while many people have complained about the bad language, I didn't seem to notice, as I was too busy trying to find something, anything to like about the book.And then there is the ending. I feel cheated. I read the book all the way to the final page (skimming most of the last hundred or so pages), AND THAT WAS IT? Really? I mean, what the heck? It's flat and unsatisfying.  If my copy of this book had been an actutal, physical copy, I'd have taken great pleasure in throwing it in the trash. Actually, I would have taken great pleasure in burning it.  Alas, I have a digital copy, so the only satisfaction is deleting it -- which is small consolation because I'm still out the $$.There are lots of reviews, across the spectrum, for this book. Many 5-star reviews, and, as of this writing, over 3,200 1 and 2 star reviews. That's a lot of bad reviews. Most books don't get that many.  There are certainly more positive reviews. I think it is fair to say that you'll either really like the book, or really hate it. Personally, I can't understand all the good reviews, and I'm guessing that all the people who love this book can't imagine why I dislike it so much.Since I can't say who will like this, or who won't like it, all I can say is: find a cheap copy, that way if you hate it as much as I did, you'll only be out a few bucks.Speaking of bad language, I certainly had several bad words to say when I reached the end. I have read some bad books, but this one is the worst book I think I've read. The only good thing I can say about this book is that I finished it, then deleted it from my library because I can't imagine ever wading through the dungheap of this book again.
I need a palate cleanser after reading this book because it leaves a bad taste.  It's nasty.  And depressing because there isn't one admirable main character, and the minor ones are described as either stupid or ugly.  The author must know every mean thing that can be said about another human being.  I haven't read this author before and I won't again.  The only redeeming feature is suspense and in the end that isn't credible.
This is a very popular book & was highly recommended. However, I found it a big downer due to the personalities of the main & other characters. On the other hand I was SUCKED INTO the story, paid for it, so I read the whole book. It was kind of like watching a train wreck.
Very good book, a real page turner. I couldn't put the book down until the last page,A good thriller for sure!
Very enjoyable book but didn't like the ending . You want justice and not capitulation at the end but it doesn't always work like that.
This book pretty much blew my mind. I read it in actual hard cover. It was interesting in that I really did not like the characters, yet I found the story wildly entertaining. It was like watching an accident and you just can't look away from the gore because you want to know what happened.It is not gory or sexual, but a total mind warp. It is hard to even describe the book, especially without giving away the twists. But if you might like a psychological thriller, this would be a very interesting read.
Talk about twists and turns! Talk about a psychological thriller! I was on the edge of my sea, never knowing where it was gonna go!
Slightly disappointed in this novel which follows a couple's unravelling; neither of the characters is particularly likeable so despite a very clever narrative ruse, at the end I just didn't care what happened to either of them.
Very interesting.  Different ending.  Lots of twists and turns.  Ending was not expected.  So very up to date and relevant.
Although I could not say that I liked the characters in this book I had to read it until the end as I needed to find out what happened.  Therefore I have to say it kept my attention.
I read Gone Girl because it was on Best Sellers List for quite a while (still is) and about 1/3 of the way thru, it seemed like a pretty ordinary story...then, all H**L broke loose!!I wouldn't tell you of the twists, of which there are many, but I would recommend the book highly! I almost felt like starting it over when I came to the end to see if there was any hint of what was to come.
Here's a one-word review that sums up my reaction to Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl (Crown Publishing, New York, 2012): Wow! I liked the book so much I am inclined to pick it up and read it all over again. Now. If you are looking for a perfect end-of-the-summer read, this is it.Amy and Nick have been married for five years. Indeed, it is there five year anniversary, when suddenly, Amy disappears. Suspicion turns to foul play quickly enough. Divergent perspectives on the marriage unfold in competing narratives presented in alternative chapters. We read entries from Amy's diary, showing a marriage unraveling because Nick is an uncommunicative brooder bordering on violence. Nick's chapters reflect his coping with Amy's disappearance and the gathering circumstantial evidence that he did her in. Is he really describing the same person who wrote the diary?Nick is very much like Scott Peterson, who was convicted and sentenced to death for the murder of his wife and unborn child in California. Did Flynn study the Peterson case for material in this case? If she did not, then all cases of missing wives really do tend toward the same dismal archetype: study the reaction of the husband, look for signs of marital discord, find the other woman, and then bend every circumstance in favor of a conviction. I forgive Flynn her reliance on a reported case. As a criminal defense lawyer I know a truth most readers do not: Reality is often far more bizarre than fiction. Indeed, I turn to fiction for an orderly presentation of the universe; the practice of law is as chaotic as science fiction.Midway through the book, Flynn changes perspectives on Amy's disappearance. The chapters still alternate, presenting the competing points of view of this uniquely unhappy couple. Soon it becomes apparent that although the facts about Amy's disappearance are simple enough, the meaning given to those facts is a matter of misinterpretation. Lurking beneath the easy narrative created by the press and police as they try to determine what has become of Amy is the primitive stuff of which we are made: rage, the all-consuming need to bend the world to our will and our purposes, the need to believe in a reality less grim than our simple imperative to survive, and the too easy reliance on simple stories, stories that obscure complex and messy realities.I do not give away too much if I tell you the book is a study in sociopathy. This young couple made vows to one another, vows that define a marriage. Yet what holds them together seems less a commitment to a life in pursuit of common goals. Need binds them. That need is sometimes destructive. Yet they keep on keeping on. They cling to one another the way we cling to life.What chills about the book is the sense that despite the deceit, the distortions, the lack of any moral sense, the couple differ only in degree, not in kind, from the rest of us. From time to time you wonder whether the action described was a reverie rather than a recollection of an actual event. Flynn has never practiced law, but she knows a lawyer's truth: We are all capable of just about anything. Her genius is transforming an ordinary marriage into a thing of horror. She does so in small steps, steps you hardly know you are taking until you look back and wonder how you could have missed the obvious signs of things going horribly wrong.Marriage and life are like that. I am reminded of Soren Kierkegaard's observation: "Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards."Gone Girl is must reading for criminal defense lawyers. Consider the first part of the book to be an illustration of the power of circumstantial evidence to deceive. Just because we demand answers to life's untoward events doesn't mean that the best answers we can find are true. The narrative drive has, I suspect, convicted many an innocent man.The second part of Gone Girl is a cautionary tale. What if the conspiracy theorists really are right? How much evidence do we ignore simply because it is inconvenient, or does not make sense? I recall years ago a client insisting that we call the CIA on his behalf. He was an undercover agent, he reported. Not a car thief. He passed his competency hearing with flying colors. When the Defense Department called looking for him we began to wonder just what was going on.The book's final part illustrates the truth of a maxim I've heard wise lawyers repeat from time to time: "You can lead a client to the courthouse, but you can't make them think." The claims of reason are overstated. None of us truly live in a universe composed of discrete bargains in the law's shadows. We are all driven by inchoate imperatives that make reason one tool among many. The choice of irrational means to our destined ends is, by definition, unreasonable; but that does not make the irrational wrong.I love this book. You should too. Read it once. And, if you are like me, you will want to read it again. I suspect it will be even better the second time.
I usually only read 30 - 60 minutes/day @ bedtime, but I finished this book in 2 days, I could not put it down.  What an imagination this writer has!  Altho I am little worried about her personal mental health/relationships.
I hate, dread, totally avoid books that become hits by reviews fast. And I did so with this book. But after lack of other choices one evening I started it, and I'm glad I did, it has very much earned the 5 stars from me.
Really liked the beginning and middle..... really did not get the ending.  Felt so contrived!  I honestly don't understand all the raves about this book, and felt betrayed by Entertainment Weekly's usually consistent reviews for how highly they touted this one (of course the author used to write for the magazine).
With all the talk about this book I figured I should read it.  It was pretty good.  The first half to 3/4 was really good.  I felt like at the end the author wasn't sure what to do and just let the first idea they had stick.  I can see where people would disagree with that but that is how if seemed to me.I would recommend Never Look Away by linwood barclay as an alternative.  It was similar in that it was about a married couple and something terrible happens but I thought it was more exciting and not something I would just see on Dateline.
Ms. Flynn doesn't need another 5-star review, but she deserves it for writing this virtually flawlless nove. The novel is written in the form of a mystery, but at heart it is a study of human relationships. The characters are sharply drawn and credible. Even the minor characters who have only small parts in the story are carefully drawn and memorable. The plotting is very clever. The writing style is very professional and never gets in the way of the unfolding story. However, IMO, the best feature of this novel is Ms. Flynn's very insightful observations about human relationships. I think we're all interested in what makes other human being tick, and Ms. Flynn explains exactly what made these human beings tick. (Yes, I realize they were fictional human beings, but they seemed very real to me.) My only question is how did the author acquire so much wisdom at such an early age. I always thought that wisdom comes with age, when it comes at all, but Ms. Flynn apparently aged quickly despite her youthful appearance.I had not heard of Ms. Flynn before I noticed Gone Girl at my library, but now I will have to buy her two earlier since my library doesn't have them.
Worth. Every. Page. Every time I thought I knew where the story was gonna go next, it veered somewhere else. Very interested to see how they make this a movie.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book...couldn't put it down.My one gripe with it...SPOILER ALERT...I cannot imagine the female lead going to an abandoned mall to try to buy a gun, that was ludricrous to meGreat book!!!
I love the voices!  The interior look into the event as the participants act is just wonderful.I really like the up to date swing of the writting.
You can't put this book down.It captures you. It makes you realize there are really psycho people out there :S.Wow!!
Gone Girl is one of the best books I've read in a while. I really enjoyed the banter between Amy and Nick. The twists and turns made it a real page_turner.  I think the author was right on with her assessments of the male/female-husband/wife psyche. Can't wait for the movie.
This very well-written novel keeps you guessing the entire time. Just when you think you have it figured out  new twist is thrown in.
I loved this book. I laughed out loud so many times. I can highly recommend it! I'm looking forward to more novels by this author.
Loved this book. It will make a great movie. Kept me guessing right up to,the end and provoked discussion with other family members who had read it. Like Dark Places, it gets a little wonky and you have to suspend belief, but Ms Flynn does a much better job of tying loose ends in this novel than in her other one. A really good beach read.
Slow and tiresome.  Predictable.  I have no idea why this book is getting such rave reviews.  It's over priced and a waste of time.
I didn't see it coming, but then again I did. I usually don't read new author, because I get addicted. This book is GOOD.
An engaging read, but by the end I wanted to kill both of the main characters myself. Not sure if that means the author did her job or not. One could argue that she did as she got me to feel very strongly about the two lead characters. On the other hand - if I was supposed to feel sympathy for either one of them, I did not.
Interesting book- engaging, however some were disappointed at the ending.  I'm not sure- finished the book last week and I'm still debating with myself whether I liked the ending, or not.  Recommend read.
It took me about 50 or more pages to get into this book but once the plot started to unfold I couldn't, at times, put it down. However, overall, I was disappointed, especially with the ending.
So the book starts out a bit boring. The first two chapters were the worst. They introduced the husband and wife to the reader and how they met. The characters were a tad annoying to me. the next chapters weren't so bad and got a bit better. The book got extremely interesting as it hit the 2nd part and I enjoyed the rest of it. Its being made into a movie.
Well there were plenty of twists and suspects in this family thriller.And somehow the ending is one which both parties deserved....EACH OTHER.
Okay so thus book starts out and your following it thinking one thing.. Then you go through a whole gamut of emotions. You go from fighting for Nick ( the husband), to stop making stupid mistakes cause you want everyone to like you.. To feeling sorry for him.. To being really pissed at him to trying to figure out okay.. What's really going on here... Then you get Amy's side (wife) who is certifiably crazy!! INSANE!I don't know how Gillian Flynn came up with this story or the concept of how deeply troubled people can be and how twisted stories get we all become puppets in someone's sick world or fantasy.. But this was a food read. I couldn't put  the book down I had to find out what happened to Amy and how this whole mystery of her disappearance was going to play out! I couldn't stunt Amy throughout the novel I thought that she was selfish, childish and stupid.. A product of her genius parents who made her a real life cartoon character in a book maybe but at the same time she knew right from wrong, she knew what she was doing... I did not give this 5 stars because of the end.. I didn't like it.. But it was an end and not every book is going to have a happily ever after, a there you go crime is completely solved and all is out, sometimes you have the reality of what can actually happen in these stories.. this is our boom club book this month and I can't wait to discuss it.. Enjoy the ride I did..!
After being told by no less than 10 people that I must read "Gone Girl" by Gillian Flynn I finally caved to peer pressure and bought this novel.I have never been so happy with a purchase in my life.I definitely do not want to spoil this novel for readers who still have not read this yet so I will only focus on the bare facts.  We have a couple Nick and Amy Dunne who are approaching their fifth wedding anniversary.  Nick and Amy have moved back to Nick's hometown of North Carthage, Missouri after their lives in New York working in their chosen literary fields went up in smoke.  Nick on returning home finds his wife gone, with the police investigating, Nick and Amy's perfect life gets turned upside down.We get the story told from Nick and Amy's point of view and the way that Gillian Flynn writes both characters is fantastic. I love how Gillian Flynn explores what makes a relationship, marriage, and what can people live with.  I honestly did not expect the ending and have to say I loved that for once I was not able to call out an entire novel.I can say I was surprised to see so many reviews not liking the novel because of the ending, but I honestly loved it! It reminds me a lot of Daphne De Maurier's novels and short stories. The ending is left ambiguous and leaves it to the readers imagination to what comes next. I am glad that the novel didn't resolve things quick and neatly (life isn't like that) and I think for most readers out there you will be happy imagining what came next.I highly recommend this novel!
Really hated the way the book ended. However, up to that point it did have some interesting twists and turns which kept me reading. The two main characters turn out to be a pair of disturbed and disturbing people. The only thing to say is thank goodness they found each other and did not subject anyone else to being married to either of them.
Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl I read because.... well note the 11,000plus reviews! So many people were reading it... Flynn has a stellar mind and machete wit... but depressing depressing depressing...Her characters aren't noble or inspiring...is this more real? Doubt it... I know a lot of real people who are noble and inspiring... so when a book just leaves me surprised and intrigued and ready to shout BRAVO for the writer's talent...butthere's not a character in it that I seriously care about....then the book, the books... are not for me!I find the books(I attempted to read this author's other books as well.) real downers. Lots of social and cultural critique... again, this woman as author reminds me of Dreiser in the 19c and Sinclair Lewis in the 20c....but there is something soul-deadening about these characters.Whatever is good in their lives they seem determined to miss! So I end up not caring about them very much.Brilliant writing... but characters some of the most unsympathetic I've ever read.
I could not lay the book down, had to keep reading. It kept me involved trying to outguess what each person might do next...wrong each time. Totally twisted people. I was not happy with the ending, almost want a sequel , however, considering the whole story, the ending was fitting.
This is a very good book and held my attention along the way.
Wow, wide range of opinion on this one. I for one loved it. I loved the alternating points of view, & trying to figure out who could be believed, & for what purposes.Obviously, many people object to the ending. I guess I can see why people have that opinion, I just happen not to share it. I found the last twist to be great, another act of manipulation worthy of Walter White.I will say that the one would-be suitor who conveniently shows up just a few hours away from where she ended up in MO was more than a little contrived. That part of it jumped the shark for me.But I actually thought the author reeled it back in nicely after that, & again, found the conclusion very satisfying.Can't wait to read more from Gillian Flynn.
This was a hard book to begin.  The story of Nick and Amy grabs you about half way through, and holds you until the end.  However, the ending was horrible!  It was like stepping off a cliff and never reaching the bottom.  Don't think I would recommend it to anyone.
There was no one in this book to like. Everyone was a creep. I like at least one person to hang your hat on and admire.
First I loved the way she organized the book, every chapter the characters alternate.  Then there were many twist and turns.  You have no idea how the book is going to end.  For me it ended and you want more of the story.  I hope there is a gone girl 2.
I got this book to take on a vacation with the in-laws and I couldn't put it down.  The suspense!  The twists and turns!  The unbelievably messed-up narrators!  It is really a good escape (which is just what I needed sometimes on this trip).  I know a lot of people didn't care for the ending, and I would like to have seen some sort of retribution (I thought maybe Boney would come through, but alas, it didn't happen), but I am OK with the ending.  I can picture the future, when Nick does something wrong that throws Amy into another sociopathic state, but this time he's ready for her and has a few surprises of his own. Or Jacqueline finds proof of some sort and goes after Amy...The one thin part of the novel for me happened when Amy was so blind and stupid while hiding out at the cabins. For someone who so carefully thought everything out, her mistakes in picking her &#34;friends&#34; and dealing with that whole situation were glaring.  How could she perform so flawlessly in many other aspects of her plan and fail so miserably while in hiding?  It led me to believe that she would ultimately be caught and exposed.  The fact that she got away with everything after that was a bit of a stretch.But I liked the book overall and have recommended it to several friends.
This is my first Gillian Flynn novel, but it won't be my last. 'Gone Girl' is a thrilling murder mystery about a dysfunctional marriage turned really, really bad. The story is narrated by the wife and the husband in alternating chapters. The wife's story is told from the past via diary entries. The Scott-Peterson-esque husband narrates his story in present day. However, I must admit, the ending was a little disappointing - I wish the author had taken a different direction. Nonetheless, this book is an engrossing page turner. If you're looking for a fast-paced, psychological thriller, you need to read this book.
I had to start this book twice as I found the beginning rather hard-going, but wow, after the thrid chapter, I could hardly put it down.  The plot has so many unexpected twists and turns, I could never guess what would happen next.  It's an intricate web of slightly twisted, very intelligent characters.  The characters are very real and I feel as if I know them well even though I don't know what they're going to do next, well, like real people I suppose.  Fabulous!
This was a very well done novel.  I truly enjoyed every minute of it, which was a surprise for me as I tend toward the more lighthearted mystery novels.
The premise of the book and the contrived story was depressing and without redemption.  A real downer.  Would not waste my time unless you like feeling hopeless.
An interesting tale of marriage from each spouse's perspective.  Terrifyingly humorous as to how marriage can drive each spouse to their own psychotic revelations.  The end, which in life, may be sadly understandable.  However, the explosive if not just end you expected, didn't happen. A total let down for me.  Not for the young because of profanity and sexual content.
Gone Girl still has me thinking 2 weeks after completing it.  It's hard to review without giving something away to those who have not yet read it.But I think of it as having 2 parts completely different from each other as far as what you know, or think you know, about the 2 main characters.  That part was very interesting and unique.What still has me thinking is the ending...Is the ending satisfying??  Is it surprising??  Could it have ended another way??Hmmmm...
Maybe it was all of the hype or maybe to predictable for me...but I wasn't "wowed" by this book.  I read it through but still question why it remains a best seller...so many better stories out there!
This was the first book I read by Ms. Flynn.  The beginning was hard to understand at first-was Nick imagining all these gruesome thoughts or was this really happening?  As I got more into the book things made more sense.  At first you think Nick is the crazy one and that Amy is this poor little heartbroken wife but then boy do you get surprised-Amy-what a wack nut!  The book held my interest and I couldn't put it down because I wanted to always find out what happened next.  I do have to say I wish that Amy would have gotten caught or that Nick would have gotten her back in a real bad way-what a psycho-their poor child destined to live a dysfunctional life-and who knows-he may be the psycho in a possible sequel!  All in all it was a good read.  Suspenseful, thrilling, and cleverly written.
This was a fantastic book.  It was recommended by a friend and was a wonderful read.  I escaped into this novel andwas surprised by the ending, which is not usual.  I am an avid fan of detective, mystery novels and true crime and enjoyfiguring them out.  I recommend this one highly!
Thought this was predictable, but the twists and turns were surprising. Stick with it and see. Is more interesting as it develops.
WOW, How disturbing and how true; LOVE can make us the most horrible partners for what we imagine we could be. LOVE is HATE.This book is the most in-depth look into reason and unreasonable relationships.I recommend this book for the sheer emotional strain the author puts on the reader.After 71 weeks on New York Times Book review list, it still has the rock hard mesmerizing of darkness at its worst.
it's a rare book that really locks me in and makes me want to read every spare minute i get. that was gone girl... even without the mystery, i loved the style of writing, i loved the character analysis, feeling the marriage conflict. i have to say though that i was disappointed at the last 1/3 of the book, i think it went "loosey-goosey" and lost its credibility.but then again, that's apparently the tale that the author wanted to tell. i'll definitely check out her other books.
Thought provoking and interestingly written but way too long.  Could be condensed into a 1 hour Law and Order or maybe 2 hour Lifetime movie.  Actually wouldn't be surprised if that was where it came from.
I liked the very beginning but I hate the way it's written.  I finished it because I had paid $11 for the Kindle edition, I tried and I tried but it was an agony.  Confusing,not well well written (I am sorry),  it really left me empty.  I have a friend that tried to read it and gave up.
I want to preface this review with the fact that I typically do not go for mystery or suspense novels.  I read this for my book club.  I have to say, though, that the book captivated me from the beginning and did not disappoint.  Even the end left me in a thoughtful trance that kept me asking, "would I have done the same?  Was there really a choice in the matter?" (you'll have to read the book to figure out why I ask).Without giving anything away, I found myself rooting for one character and then rooting for another.  I am not even sure there is a "bad" guy in the book because of the 3-dimensional viewpoint the author gives of each person.  The reader is given the chance to see deep inside most of the characters in the book, and there are enough twists and turns to keep you on your toes.This was a great read!  I have been trying to find a book that could keep me hooked from beginning to end, and this one did it.  Great read!  I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a good mystery, interesting characters, captivating storyline and an unexpected ending.
I wish I could get back the time I spent reading GONE GIRL. Staring at a wall would have been a better use of it.  Maybe I could sue the major-magazine reviewers who talked this up?  I came to loathe both main characters. The schmuck is wimpy, needy, hapless and pathetic, and stays that way. The psycho is monstrously self-centered and vindictive, and ingeniously adept at manipulating people who like or trust them -- but collapses like a burst balloon when confronted with someone outside their "comfort zone" who genuinely has ill intentions. A book with too much cleverness and too little of anything worth remembering, and one of the most dissatisfying endings I've had the misfortune to encounter in a long time. I want my time back, and I want to scrub this book out of my memory.
This book grabbed me from the beginning and, except for a brief section in the first third that got a little slow, kept my attention to the end.  The characters, although flawed and somewhat wacky, were well written and quite interesting.  Some of the sections, like dealing with Amy, the missing wife's childhood, reminded me of the inaccurate opinions that can be formed when we are looking at a person or family from the outside.  Other passages, like when Amy talks about first meeting and falling in love with her husband, were so well written that I marked the passages.I have recommended this to several people and like it so much I am back on Amazon buying another copy (I read it electronically and want a hard copy).  Very highly recommended.
Very cleverly written.  Could not put it down.  Alittle disappointed in the end.  Looking forward to other books by this author.
Not written in typical story telling style.  Back and forth between characters...recommend getting a preview if you have a kindle before purchase.  The story 3/4 way through you will say, I predicted that, just like when watching a movie and you say, oh yeah I could see that coming.  Didn't like the ending at all and won't say why as it will be a spoiler. I'm wondering how they will make this into a movie because of the way the book was written, should be interesting.
Very unusual writing style which captivated me every moment!  The ending is a bit over the top, but still I would highly recommend the book.
I have red all 3 of Ms. Flynn's books.  Sharp Objects is still my favorite.  This one I really liked because of the twists and turns as well as the ending. My only real regret is that I read the table of contents (even though my Kindle starts me at the beginning of the book, I always go to the cover and read as if I'm holding a printed book). The TOC actually lessens the impact of the plot.So, read the book, but not the TOC and you'll love it!
This book has rceived much publicity about the story of a female lead, who by the end of the story, appears to be quite disordered. I felt what ws done well in this novel, was the authors ability for the couple to appear similar to any couple that you may come across in day to day interactions, however the old addage of 'you never know what happens behind closed dorrs' resonates very loud and clear. The male character i found I did not have much time for and ultimately he ws a pawn in his wife's dangrous and deadly game. I know many people hated the ending, however for me it was only fitting, tha two people of such narcissistic qualities would want to create something that would love them without question, even for a little while......
This was a really good book! I really enjoyed the writing style of Ms. Flynn and would love to read her other books as well. I started this book a couple weeks ago and like it, but didn't feel the need to always be reading it. This probably had more to do with just being busy and having tons of things going on in my life. But then, a couple days ago, I sat down and was determined to finally finish the book. When I got back in to reading it, I couldn't put it down! There are so many twists that you don't expect and the characters are quite... interesting. I never really knew what was going to happen next and then when everything started falling together, I couldn't believe it! The ending was very strange, and I'm not sure how I feel about it yet. I think it actually fits the story really well, since the entire story is crazy. Normally, I wouldn't like this ending at all. But like I said, it fits the story and the characters! This was a great work of fiction by Gillian Flynn, and I can definitely see what all the hype is about! I highly recommend this to everyone, especially those who love mysteries and thrillers. :)pagesofcomfort.blogspot.com
This is the first book I read by the author.  I'm thinking about reading Dark Places, which seems to have gotten a half star more than Girl Gone.  I called the book a roller coaster, because I found reading Part One on the slow side, but Part Two picked up and went into overdrive, and how it ties in to Part One.  Part Three for the most part was a good read, but I the ending was a bit of a thud/disappointing.  In Part two I found the "money belt" fell flat and considering the imagination of the author, IT could have been better thought out.It was interesting how the author was able to reach such "madness".  On the whole I enjoyed the book.
I couldn't put this book down from start to finish. It's a fresh, unique writing style that was a welcome change from the typical suspense/thrillers. I read a lot and it's hard to find a book that can keep my attention like this one did. Characters are great, writing was great, and the story line unforgettable. Highly recommend!
The writing at the beginning was like a rich dessert...hard to swallow after too much.  The story telling was impersonal and done in huge writerly, self absorbed blocks that invited skimming to survive.  The plot really began to pick up toward the middle and for a brief moment I was hooked.  But as I anticipated an amazing twist of revenge by the husband as he would surely outsmart his deranged wife...pfffft.  The book simply...ended.  Frustrating.  Another complaint, why is it remotely okay to use the obscene/blasphemous phrase, j.f.c.?  Would people complain or cry foul if the f-bomb were connected to Buddha or Mohammed's name?  Much of the profanity seemed thrown into the work as if the author was saying &#34;I'm hip/badass&#34;, and not really to enhance the story.  I will never read this author again, nor will I recommend her work.
A disturbing story with some awesome and exciting twists, I couldn't stop reading this, on top of the amazing story it was very well written.
This book starts off well.  It feels very sadly, familiar in this day and time...and then, just as I was getting a little fidgety, feeling that we have been down this road.. all bets are off, and we are on a winding, twisty, turning road into a territory that is uncharted!  I couldn't put it down until I had reached the end!  A very satisfying read.
I felt this was a story of a GenX couple, and what might happen as they age in a world that doesn't value everything one does. It's really not a suspense thriller, but a case study in privilege, disappointment, and revenge for having to live in a real world where one's every move is not celebrated. Although I liked the juxtaposition of the characters narratives, I was never surprised by or involved in the characters. They were portrayed as two thirty-something spoiled children who ended up with no consequences to their actions.
I found this to be an entertaining read. Some of the twists I could see coming in advance, and some did surprise me, but either way it kept me interested and reading. I don't want to give anything away but I always enjoy reading complex, devious characters. The ending didn't bother me and it seemed fitting in my opinion, though that's not the way I would have handled things if I were in the main character's position. Anyway, I enjoyed it. Now I plan to read Dark Places which I picked up at the airport forever ago and never read.
A story full of twists and turns. Makes one want to crawl into the book and strangle Amy and slap Nick. I was not at all happy with the ending. Still an interesting read.
This one would make a great little mini series. I'll be surprised if I don't see it on TV at some point. The twist was good and unexpected. I found it a good read.
GONE GIRLI was late to the party but enjoyed every second while there.  This book simply rocks, and rocks hard.  Flynn trots readers down a psychopath highway so full of twists, turns, twirls, and zig-zags that readers can't turn the pages quickly enough to find out what will happen next.  However, Flynn's writing is so top-notch, so flawless, that you are never ever forced off the road, never loose your place.  The story line is full but easy to follow.  The characters are so deep, so fleshed-out, so real, they actually do jump off the pages and into your mind and soul.From the first word to the last, this book is off and running -- hard.  Nick and Amy Dunne's life is put on full display, full of lies, deceit, hate, love, half-truths.  They've relocated to Missouri to help tend to Nick's ill parents. Nick is a handsome, down-to-earth guy, an all American boy.  Amy is a rich, pampered, spoiled daughter and wife.  Her parents made their fortune writing a children's series based on Amy and her life.Ah, Amy's life -- her life is never what you think it is, her life is never what you thought it was, her life is totally and completely her OWN, changed to fit her needs and desires.  Amy is one slick chick and when she comes up missing and Nick is the prime suspect the situation goes from bad to worse, from worse to bad, back and forth  As the reader, you NEVER know where this book is headed or what direction it is going to take.  It is so full of surprises and shocking situations you will find yourself literally sitting on the edge of your seat.This book reminded me of a chilling Hitchcock type movie, so full of suspense and thunderbolt-type sensations.  Expect the unexpected, and then when those events occur, you will still be completely caught unawares.  When I wasn't reading this book, I could not stop thinking about it.I will say the ending left me feeling a little flat, and I see that is a general consensus.  However, do not let that stop you from reading this book.  It is just THAT good.For me, this is one of my favorite books of all times. If you only read one book this year, make it GONE GIRL.  You won't be sorry and you won't be disappointed.Thank you.Pam
Not the book for everyone, some of our book club members really didn't like it.  I thought it was fun and funny
This book is very confusing and I do not recommend it to anyone! It was very dumb and pray I never read a book by this Author again. Please spend you money wiser than I did!
Just started after the holiday.  My sister highly recommends this book and that is why I got it.  So far so good!
Well written, and the author achieved her objective, which was, in my opinion, to horrify the reader.  I found the story disturbing and the main character a definite mental case.  Objectively, I have to say it was well done, but not my cup of tea.
This book drags for half of it has a very short peak and becomes a total looser for an ending.  Don't waste your money or time on this one
If you liked War of the Roses, which was nothing like the silly movie made from it, you will be drawn into this book and captivated by its characters, who grow darker and darker as the story unfolds.  I don't want to disclose any plot lines because the author leads us down what appears to be a straight path until we realize that we have been lost in a maze and now, what is real?  What isn't?  Not only is this the best book that I have read in a long time because of a well-executed plot, but the prose is intelligent, revealing strong engaging characters.  Enjoy!
labored writing who cares about these unattractive characters.? give yourself a break and skip this book. i would not lend it to my most book hungry friend.
A book where you hate almost all of the characters, the story is about a psychopathic mind that is unbelievable, but no sympathy for her victims who aren't as ill and murderous, but still imperfect.  I think more importantly it shows us the negative side of our news media and how quickly they sway public opinion, often times to wrong conclusions.  our defense attorneys and ways they manipulate juries and media is despicable, and that if you can afford to hire the &#34;best&#34; you may just get your moneys worth.  From the parents who spawned this psychopath and wrote the Amazing Amy books that made their daughter always judged and always playing a role to be who others wanted or she thought they wanted her to be, it may also bring up questions of nature/nurture similar to a Defending Jacob.  The author is gifted in coming up with this constantly twisting mystery and making the reader turn page after page.  Something is wrong that you are happy when grifters rob Amy--have I been taken in by this cynical look at what the economic times have done to the man's inhumanity towards man.  The fact that she gets away with murder and the couple that deserves each other are about to become parents is disturbing.
I began reading this and thought I had it figured out or at least somewhat but then it just knocks you over with so many surprises that you are just eager to read to you find out how it ends.  You really can't say much about the plot without giving away the story so I will just say that the Flynn has a terrific imagination.  This is sure to be a "can't put it down book".
Interesting turn of events easy to read hard to put down feel you get to really know the characters as real people
Not so impressed with this book.  It was warped and twisted on both the main characters' parts.  Both were liars and manipulators.  I can't see why it has been so popular.  We read it for our book club, but I was really disappointed with it.
Enjoyed reading this fast paced story with its psychological sub-plots.  Characters were very believable and the ending leaving me wondering.
I had debated about purchasing this book and should have listened to my gut.  I am not a fan of Gone Girl.
For all the hype this was not my best read for the summer.  The who-done-it was a good spin but some parts didn't feel part of the story, to me.  For a summer read, okay.
What an imagination Flynn has. Only wish it ended a tad bit differently, or with a promise of Book 2.
I am still angry that I wasted my time and money on this ridiculous book.  Seems like a good plot at the beginning, but soon you find yourself saying over and over again "What?", "No Way!".  Totally unbelievable.  I kept reading thinking the author must have a really clever way of wrapping up all the insanity.  There was no wrap up, there was no ending.  All the hateful characters and plot lines just stop.  In the author's acknowledgements she writes that she got stuck when the book was 82% completed, and her editor had to help her finish it.  She should have just stopped at 82%.  I wish there was a way to demand my money back after feeling totally manipulated and ripped off. Don't buy this book!
The more you read the better it gets. Very surprising twists that make it impossible to put it down. It the first part was better I would have given it 5 stars.
After the first couple of chapters, I could not put this book down, and its been a long while since I have read a book that was this compelling.  There are a lot of unexpected twists and turns.  I really could not predict what was going to happen next.  I am in a book club and I believe this has been everyone's favorite book so far.  Unfortunately I did not get the fairy tale end that I wanted.  But then again, the ending was unexpected, so I had to keep reading to find out how everything was going to develop.  I am hoping she is setting her fans up for a sequel and would LOVE to see this book made into a movie.
Gone Girl was an easy-to-read page turner, but executed with a sophisticated and very skilful literary style. I thought I was a fairly canny reader, but I fell into all the author's traps and false leads. The only reason I did not rate this as a 5-star is my frustration with the protagonist, Nick, and his inability to either know his own mind or take action when it seemed so clear what he needed to do. Perhaps that was all intentional, but I nevertheless wanted to give him a good kick at times!
Wasn't crazy about the beginning format, but by the time the real story started I was hooked.  Knowing the ending could go in one of several directions, I couldn't stop reading till I found out.
This book deserves all of the hype. It is a great page-turner full of plot twists that you are never really sure what really happened until the very end.
Found this hard to get into but eventually got into and found it hard to put down.  Felt that the language in the book wasn't always necessary.
I loved this book and it kept me turning pages and guessing until the very end!  I woke up in the morning anxious to start reading because I couldn't WAIT to see what happened.  This is the first time in my life that I have actually spent a day doing nothing but reading!!  I couldn't WAIT to see what happened next!
I loved all of the twists and turns in the book. I could mot imagine that aPerson could be so scheming. I hope I never meet anyone like the gone girl!
Great story. Hard to put down once you have started it. It's interesting the way your perception of the characters change as the storyline unfolds. This book would make an excellent gift for girlfriends, siblings, mothers, or mothers in law. It inspires a lot of discussion while you are reading and when you have finished it.
This book starts so well; tightly written and paced... and then it loses its way. After you get over the set-up, which is admittedly clever, there are plot holes you can drive a CSI van through. The forensics were laughable. Ultimately, however, you just don't care about either main character as they are almost equally loathsome and that just sets a book up to fail. You have to have a rooting interest in somebody. The pages don't turn themselves, and if you just don't care...
Many friends recommended this as a must read couldn't put it down book. The writing is very good. The characters are not very nice people. I felt the ending was rushed. Glad I read it but its not all that!
I'm sorry.  I apologize in advance to those who adore this book and admire the author's cleverness and facility with "playing" the reader.  YOU MAY LIKE IT.  THAT IS OK.  We can agree to disagree. If you read this review, you are doing it because you want to hear what I really think and not just the gushings of the author's friends and of people who totally buy into the book, right?  Right.SPOILER ALERT.Now, I love a good unreliable narrator, a text that takes you for a spin and you suddenly realize, hey, the narrator is either not understanding what's going on HIMSELF or is presenting only the details he or she wants to present for readers to see him in a good light.  You sort of have a double-understanding in texts like that.  They are tough to do and very much fun when done right.But this is not what I consider a good novel with an unreliable narrator.  If you want an unreliable narrator to take you on a ride, read Philip K. Dick's mainstream novel Confessions of a Crap Artist.  This is just . . . I don't know, the author doing obvious maniupulation and lieing to us.  I don't mind being "played" as a reader if the payoff is "Of course!" the way it often is in these twisty little passages of novels, but this just made me feel I was playing in a mudbox and I wanted to wipe it off my hands.The first third of the book makes you sympathize with this poor little woman who writes the diary, but then you realize what a lying conniver she is.  Slowly you see that you have been almost 100% lied to, not just misled or teased, but tricked.  I do not think it is playing fair with the reader.  It becomes so obvious what a psychopath she is, and I don't like the husband, either, because he cheats and seems as shallow as a cookiesheet full of stagnant water.  I guess the ending serves them both right, but I just couldn't stomach the thing.  I did not drink the Kool-Aid.  Yuck!  I feel as if I wasted time that I could have spent watching re-runs of the Big Bang Theory.  You see, those characters are flawed and do things that could be seen as mean or crooked, but you LOVE tham and you understand them and want them to be happy. I just wanted both of these idiots to fall into the abyss.  Buh-bye, idiots!Here I have been LIED TO the whole first half of the book and then the plot basically falls apart, because if she did all this setting stuff up and then it turns out she's not dead and she reappears, then who did all this setting up to make it look as if he killed her?  Is that not an offense that she would be arrested for after all the publicity about her being killed and such?!  They aren't going to pursue charges at all?  And now I am supposed to feel all OK about how clever it was and how it justifies whatever?  There is not enough NO in the world.I read fiction to make sense of the world, not to be jerked around and fed bull-corn.  I read fiction in order to have a vicarious experience that I enjoy.  That's why I don't read stuff with excessive gore, explicit endless hump-hump-hump sex, or "inside the mind of a serial killer" because I do not WANT to be in there.  I want to be in a fun rollercoaster ride that delivers what it promises.  This did not.  If you want to read a caper novel where you actually DO root for the criminals--read Donald E. Westlake Grandmaster, any of his books, especially the Dortmunder series.  Those books will not leave you feeling ripped off (maybe avoid THE AXE because justice is not done there either and it might make you mad, but the others are great rides.)  I just can't recommend that you waste your money and time on this particular book, as clever as the author was for the first part of the book.  And there weren't a bunch of typos and messed-up sentences the way you see in lots of indie pubs now.  That's the highest praise I can give it, I suppose.Sorry to be a downer.  Next time I'm only going to review books I adore and we won't have to go through all of this,.  Not recommended.Again, I'm sorry it didnt turn out better for all of our sakes.
Everyone I knew was reading this book. My mom, all my friends, 8 year old boys waiting at the bus stop in the morning. So fine, I took the plunge.Loved the writing. Took me a little to get into it. It was kinda wordy at 1st. Like talking with cotton in your mouth. Alright already- enough descriptions, I got it.But either I got used to it or the "over-writing" calmed down a bit. And the book just took off. Like a jet plane. There's no stopping it's path and you don't want to put that book down. The characters consume your thoughts. Your every action. You're wondering what's going on. Was that clue just to throw you off? Could you really have it figured out so early??Maybe.But your brain will go on an epic mind-eff till you read that last page.The ending is the only reason I didn't love this book. I needed a redeeming character. You want a real-life ending full of people that suck? Well, here you go. But not me. I wanted more. It's not even like I needed some happily-ever-after to tie up some cheesy bow on the end of this book. But I did want justice. &lt;sigh> I know, I know... "go look for it somewhere else, lady." Sure thing, I'm on it. Off to read something that leaves a smile on my face... not a fear of everyone around me being cray cray.
The book is pretty good so far, I am still on page 100 and have so much more to read.
I really liked the book, the idea behind it is definitely new and interesting. But the ending left me a little skeptical, it is probably ok for a novel, but in real life I don't think it would happen.
I have to admit when I started, I had to get used to the writing style because it is all done in first person and it is done in a bit different style. But as you get going in it, you really get engrossed with it.I think most people will love the twists and turns of this book as I did. There were many surprises in the plot that is hard to see coming.I highly recommend this book if you enjoy a good mystery.
I've always believed that human kind has the capability of both incredible good and incredible evil.  I much rather read about the evil side than experience it.  This was a wonderful trip through that world.
I was utterly disappointed with the ending of this book.  But on the heels of my disappointment, I was fascinated with a book I had never read until a friend suggested it................The Thirteenth Tale by Diane Setterfield (hope that author name is correct).  Check it out!!
There are 19K reviews of this book. Chances are slim you are going to read mine. Anyway, Iw as really pulled into this book. Pacing and writing were spot-on. Narrator was great (I did the audio). Then the book blew it and went on and on trying to prove how clever it was. The suspension of disbelief evaporated when the ex boyfriend took her into his mansion. I had to force myself through the rest of it. But its still better than a lot of stuff out there and I'd definitely read something else by this author.
"Gone Girl" is a Hitchcock-level psychological thriller that combines a riveting analysis of a struggling marriage with a made-for-media crime investigation. At the center of the drama are Nick and Amy Dunne, who link their respective families. The family members - both sets of parents and Nick's twin, Margo - are completely believable. Each also contributes, mostly unconsciously, in some way to the marital discord. Flynn shows a big talent for easily switching between Nick's male voice and Amy's female voice. Through both voices, the reader gets to know them better than they - or at least Nick - know the other. Nick knows that Amy is the smartest person in the room; but, until she disappears on their fifth anniversary, he doesn't comprehend the extent of her bold intelligence. Nick is an almost quick learner, and watching his awareness develop is the most interesting part of the storyline. The plot is intriguing and new. Even minor characters with a few lines are described so well that the reader feels right in the room with them. By the end, I had one cavil: the closing is over the top. After finishing the book, I mulled over this unexpected and extreme climax and resolution. Then, I realized that this ending is extraordinary in its consistency with everything that had happened up to that point. It really couldn't have turned out any other way. "Gone Girl" is a brilliant must-read. The suspense doesn't stop with the last page.
Too much dysfunction for me. Well written, good mystery
I truley enjoyed this book from the beginning and couldn't put it down even at the end I couldn't put it down because I couldnt believe it had ended. I flipped back to see if I missed something and then forward to see if it was a joke.  I was actually very very mad!!!!!  To be left hanging like that it was not an ending at all.  It probably wouldn't have been as much of a disappointment if it had a second book to follow but it DOESN'T.
I must say that this book was on many BEST OF 2012 lists. I have mixed feelings about that: sometimes, when everyone says something is the best, I sort of scratch my head and wonder about all the fuss. However, I bought the book, because I was so curious.I enjoyed the book. Unfortunately, I read before I go to bed, and I typically made it through 3 pages each night (but, it went with me EVERYWHERE and I read it every free 5 minutes that I had). To be honest, this morning, I took ONE HOUR and sat down to finish the book.The book is broken down into 3 sections. First section: good, but I kept wondering why everyone said it was so amazing: it was good.Second section: AMAZING. I could not read fast enough. Third section: NOT satisfying. I did not expect "happily ever after" but I did NOT exptect the ending I got.Nick and Amy (as a couple)are rather pathetic, but maybe the evoulution of their relationship is pretty normal. As the book went on, you knew that Amy was brilliant, but SICK. Nick became pretty brilliant. Amy's parents: selfish and out of touch. The dectectives: they were lackluster and not very focused. The lawyer that Nick hired reminded me Tommy Jefferson, from Harry's Law.He was great.So, buy this book: worth the time and money. I want to read her other books!!!
It was a good book but not among my top list.  Hard to understand how it could be on the best seller list so long.  In my opinion it was just ok not a blockbuster.
A very engrossing mystery thriller with a terrific storyline. The first part was a little slow at times, but thesecond part really picked up a notch. I was disappointedin the ending, but still an enjoyable and entertainingread.
I gave this a high rating because it was well written and very clever - I never guessed where it was going.  I was gripped by the clever twists and turns.  I think most married partners may see a glimpse of themselves  in the psychological personality traits presented.  Great character development - riviting plot.
Gillian Flynn has set a new standard for suspense novels with Gone Girl. There were unexpected twists that undid all my assumptions throughout this riveting book. It is worthy of the accolades it has accrued and the writing is as brilliant as the plot.
I was reading this for my book club.  I couldn't finish it.  It just went on, on and on.  I personally don't like it when a woman writes in first person as a man -- it just doesn't ring true.  The writing was lyrical and poetic but that did not add to the book; I think it was actually distracting.  I can't imagine how this was a best seller.
I'd read the reviews and I'd seen the book on the Best Seller list, so I purchased it for my iPad and Kindle.  I titled my review "Disappointed" because I was.  I had hoped to find at least ONE character with redeeming qualities--one character whose fate I actually cared about, but I didn't.My friends tease me because if I'm frustrated with a book, I'll stop reading and read the final two or three chapters before I decide if I actually want to go back and finish the entire book.  I did that with this book, and I was still disappointed.  The characters are without character, for the most part, and the ending is as bleak as the beginning.  A week or two later, I did finish the book; that is, I read the middle parts that I'd skipped previously--and I was still disappointed.I won't buy another book by this author.
I found this novel difficult to put down.  It was clever in that it was presented using two different perspectives - both characters gave their versions of events.  From the beginning to the end the reader is unsure who they side with.  I personally found both characters despicable. With that said, maybe the ending had some poetic justice to it.  I did not give the book five stars only because I was disappointed in how it ended. But it was a page turner!
I could not get too interested in the first half of the book and it took me several days to get that far.  The second half was more interesting and kept my attention and I completed it in two days.
Gillian Flynn is truly a masterful writer.  I will read Dark Places also.  This novel kept me up at night because I could not wait for the next chapter to begin.  That being said, I was a bit disappointed at the ending.....
This is such a good book I have recommended it to several friends.  It was recommended to me and I couldn't put it down!!
As last year's leading novel, I figured I better read it. Wrong--it was okay but hardly anthing to go out of your way to look for.it has a miserable heroine--a jerk for her husband and ends up screwy. Wrong call on this one.
This book was given to me as a birthday present and I really tried, but . . .The rest of the one star reviews say it all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Suspense galore. But in the end it seemed as if the author just got tired of writing about the characters.  All in all-vacuous.
The likeability quotient was missing in "Gone Girl"along with the disappearance of the main character.It is still an OK summer read.
We read this for our monthly book club. Wow! The psychopathology of the characters was very well done. Gripping! I liked the book so much I immediately downloaded her other two and read them as well. I look forward to more from this author.
I am thinking it was the writing style that made the book not as enjoyable to read as many of the others I have read.  I had heard so much about this book and finally spent the money.  I was disappointed.  The woman was certainly psychotic and he wasn't muchd better.  I actually had a hard time finishing this book.
I was continually surprised at the twists in the plot.  This book was unique and I can see why it was on the best seller list so long.
I really liked the book, but it is really also a reach--Unusual to say the least, but a must read, Flynn is very good.  Read some of her earlier works, I think she's written some better things than this one, but this one just took off. I think the ending confused and disappointed a lot of people after such a complicated,involved story.
I read &#34;Gone Girl&#34; by Gillian Flynn because it was chosen as the January read for my book club. And, I loved it! The author created two characters and I can't say I &#34;liked&#34; either one of them but the story was so &#34;amazingly&#34; crafted that I was drawn into the plot and I could hardly wait to see how it all turned out. I highly recommend this novel.
I enjoyed this book. It started off a bit slow. I wondered where it was headed, but wow, when it took off. What a ride!
I read this book in three sittings as I hated to put it down.  At first it seems straight forward; a woman goes missing and her frantic husband calls the police. After that there is a roller coaster ride when everyone reveals themselves to be entirely different from they had first seemed. There are a lot of themes in this book but that would give away the story line. Read it and I'd love to discuss it with other readers!
I liked this book when I first started reading it.  The characters are sweet loving people with a wonderful life ahead of them and then the wife goes missing.  But it didn't take long for me to HATE this story.  I hate all of its characters but the main two Nick and Amy most of all.  The fact that the author strings you along having you think one thing and then flips everything around is awful.  I kept reading the book thinking that there has to be something to all this but there isn't.  I was hoping that someone would finally kill both Amy and Nick and then I could be done with this stupid book. I skipped a lot of the chapters because most of it was boring nonsense and I actually threw it in the garbage when I reached the end.  Oh I'm sorry there is no end except for being left with the feeling that someone should call child protective services before one of these crazies killed their new born son. Do not waste your time - it will just make you mad.
I see there are so many other reviews of this engrossing book that I need not go into details.  I will just add a few comments of my own. I'm not usually a reader of mystery novels but I somehow stumbled into this one and I have to admit it is brilliantly done.  I thought it started off slowly since I was in a hurry to find out what happened to the missing wife but then it gradually picked up speed and intensity. I won't give any spoiler alerts but the plotlines are simply amazing.  And I was miserable at how it ended - I would like to rewrite that!  It requires some suspension of belief as they say.  But I have to admit that the ending was brilliant - completely fits in with the characters.  Yuck.  Read it - you won't be able to put it down. And details will haunt you for a long time.  Brilliant writing.
Riveting! This book had me second guessing the entire way through.  Every page had me engrossed.  An enthralling novel of a battle between good and evil.
This was a tragic tale of two unhappy people. Amy grew up.thinking that the whole world revolved around her and never realized that was her major flaw. She was destined to bring.unhappiness.to everyone around her. What an unhappy story. I did not enjoy this story and would not recommend this book to anyone.
"Gone Girl" is a masterfully crafted novel by an extremely talented writer  I found myself at times holding my breath and not wanting to put the book down.However, I am not terribly sure that I'm glad I read it!This book is not for the faint hearted.  It is a dark, twisting walk through the corridors of a very bad marriage and it is impossible to finish it without being affected.The psychological aspects of this story reach out and pull you in and make you wonder if it is possible to ever truly know anyone.  READER BEWARE!!!
It was a really different kind of story.  I liked the way it was written.  You feel bad for the husband but then you think he married her.
While Ms. Flynn is a very talented writer, I grew tired of this story.  There were no heroes, and I like heroes and a satisfying bad guy/girl gets caught/punished ending.  Yes, it was very creative... but ultimately dreary and kind  of depressing.  I was glad when it was over.
This book kept me interested and reading from the moment I picked it up.  I would classify it as a good thriller.
This was a fascinating story with all the twists and turns of a good novel. I like a book that I cannot figure out the ending until the ending takes place and this was it!
When I started reading this book, I was ready to put it down knowing the author was giving you small clues to the crime. Well, was I in for a shock and I will say that many others who read this book (maybe not married people) will find it an eye opener to the institution of marriage and the misconception of married people who stay married for the sake of being married. I applaud the author for bringing to light the realization that--and I quote from a famous line in a movie...&#34;Marriage is an institution whos time has come and GONE.&#34; Those who complain about the lame ending fail to realize that's marriage in its ttrue sense.
I have been reading this book at night before I go to sleep. Mistake. I lose an extra half hour's sleep or more. Written from two sides of the story, I can't put it down. I'm almost finished and when I am I will look up another book by this author. Really different. Very funny laugh out loud. The twists and turns are not predictable. Fun read!!!
This is an easy read and you can finish this book in a couple of days. After the first chapter, I wanted to put it down, but stubbornly I don't like to abandon a book in hopes that I will get an &#34;aha!&#34; Well, it was a real let down. The whole plot and character developement is unrealistic. Many people I spoke to liked it. I'm glad it only took me a couple of days to read through it.
I heard so much about this book, that it's conclusion was extremely disappointing. It was like Flynn ran out of ideas and ended the book abruptly because the well ran dry. Of course the writing was good, the descriptions admirable, but it was like the O'Henry ending died instead of whacking the reader. Too bad. It could've been a good book.
I LOVED this twisted story! Now that I have discovered Gillian Flynn, I plan to read her other works of fiction as soon as possible.  This is a story that grabs the reader by the collar and refuses to let go.  BUY it now without delay!
I've not finished this book....it just did not grab my interest.  I heard it was very good but not for me.
held my attention, Iam looking forward to the next one. Buy the book you will enjoy the book, i knowI did.
I got this book for my kindle recently 'cos there was so much hype about it.  I should have followed my instincts and avoided it!I had read Sharp Objects  some time ago and didn't care for that one either.There were no likable characters, although I did like Nick in the earlier chapters, but the plot went downhill and fast.Amy was obviously a psycho and her parents-totally clueless!I only finished the book because I wanted to see Amy punished-alas didn't happen and I hated the ending.
Gone Girl is an unusual and compelling read with plot turns as numerous as convolutions to the human brain.  Congratulations to Gillian Flynn for a remarkable book.  I highly recommend it.
it started out so slow i almost stopped reading, the second half it started getting better.  the end was rather anti clamitic.
What can I say about this book that hasn't already been written.  I came to it late....had been hearing and reading about it for over a year and it lived up to the hype.  I have now read all of Gillian Flynn's books and hoping her next is out soon.  Love her style and how she formats her stories.
I'm in love with Gillian Flynn.  No, actually I am in love with the way she writes and the way that she thinks and the way that she tells a story.  Don't just read Gone Girl, her break through this will make her as hot as James Patterson book, but go back and start with Sharp Objects and Dark Places her first two novels and you will see the burgeoning genius of this writer.  If Strindberg wrote novels they'd be just like Gillian Flynn's only not as funny.  While reading it I kept thinking of other playwrights such as Eugene O'Neill (Iceman Cometh and Long Days Journey Into Night) and especially Albee's Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ("....I swear to Christ if you existed I'd divorce you!")  This book is dark; all her books are dark but boy does this "darkness" shed a lot of light on the human condition and does so with a sense of humor that cracks like a whip across your consciousness.  The last book to catch me this way was Jonathan Franzen's The Corrections and Gone Girl is in that league
I can't say much about Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl without revealing too much about the story. Suffice to say, Gone Girl is an amazing book. Like most books it has slow parts but the vast majority of the book is fast paced and enthralling. I highly recommend Gone Girl and Gillian Flynn's other books. I'm looking forward to reading Flynn's next book.
I couldn't put this one down. The author's presentation of a post financial crisis New York City & middle America provided quite a haunting background for a devious murder mystery.
Creepy great, that is. Keeps you guessing to the end. I think I liked the unpredictability of it all. Brrrrr.
Well, this book starts off rather slowly....no, very slowly....then it gets better.  These two deserve each other.  Disappointed in the end.....sequel maybe?
Really enjoyed this book.  A great thriller with a twist in the tale.  Would recommend to anyone.  Have since read both Ms Flynn's other books and highly recommend them also.  Wonderful writer with different slant on things.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn surprised me. I thought it was simply a novel about a disintegrating marriage. There is nothing &#8220;simply&#8221; about this story. Since my review is the 19,852nd of Gone Girl, others must have some strong feelings about the novel as well.I really don&#8217;t know how I feel about it. Is it well written? Absolutely. Is it suspenseful? Without a doubt. Is it surprising? There&#8217;s nothing mundane and ordinary about this plot or its characters. For those reasons, the novel deserves somewhere around ten stars instead of the standard five stars. The score balances out in the creepy department. Gone Girl thoroughly creeped me out and made me thankful that the significant relationships in my life thus far resemble a television series similar to Leave it to Beaver.The author changes point of view in each chapter. Just when I thought the husband Nick was the bad guy, the wife Amy jumps in with her story, and the pendulum swings. It&#8217;s interesting that the person narrating in any particular chapter doesn&#8217;t always come off as the good guy. Nick represents himself as shallow, sneaky, and uncaring. Amy can show a side that&#8217;s, well, just plain creepy. No other word for it. Then when it&#8217;s almost unbearable, Amy becomes the victim once again.Because every single chapter is its own little mystery verse, I can&#8217;t say much else without giving a spoiler. If you can stand folks who are usually unlikable; if you like a unique storytelling technique; if you like to explore the nether regions of the human psyche; and if you &#8220;simply&#8221; want a read where you are reluctant to put the book down, then read Gone Girl. It&#8217;s worth any stain of creepdom left on your brain.
This is a marriage gone wrong in the worst way.  Not your average formulaic story about marriage and disappearance.  Many plot twists and unexpected changes.  Gillian Flynn is an excellent writer.  I just finished SHARP OBJECTS and was a fan of that one, too.
Clever writing at times but characters in this story leave you feeling nauseous ,nothing entertaining about any of this story except some writing, whichseems very contrived to many times. The only page turner aspect of thisstory is you want them 'gone' as fast as possible.May be a best seller but I sure have read moreinteresting and compelling stories. Don't waste your money.
Just started reading this - daughter's book club read this and loved it.  She said the things she learned just from reading the book - surprised her.  She was a straight a student in school (both high and collage) so she reads a great deal.
Well written story of a psycho marriage. Should make a terrific movie, just not wild about the ending. Five stars
I liked the story. Lots of juicy romance. But somehow too simple for my taste.  Just good, not great!  Will try others by this author.
Filthy language alert. The book is well written and suspenseful; however, the characters had no redeeming qualities. I was very disappointed after all the hype.
Nick Dunne seems to be about as despicable as you can get, and now there's a big cloud of suspicion hanging over him, as his wife Amy has gone missing on their fifth anniversary.  Their marriage is on the rocks, especially after having relocated from NYC to Nick's Missouri hometown, and Nick doesn't have an alibi for the morning of Amy's disappearance.  The media are documenting his every smirk as evidence that he must have wanted to get rid of his wife.  He readily admits to the reader that he's lying about his whereabouts on the morning in question and about the argument the neighbors overheard the night before.  He's also not sharing with the cops the solutions to all the riddles Amy has left behind in her annual treasure hunt.  Amy, on the other hand, is the inspiration for her parents' wildly successful children's book series, Amazing Amy.  You'll have to reserve judgment about Amy until the second half of the book, but the manner in which the author presents the facts surrounding Amy's disappearance is just brilliant.  The first half of the book sets the stage, alternating between Nick's story and Amy's diary, but your jaw will drop as the plot unfolds in the second half, completely reshuffling the deck.  There are plenty of other shady characters that could have offed Amy, but their stories get rewound as well.  This is not your typical thriller, and there's no one here to carry the standard for truth, justice and the American way.  It's creepy and twisty, yet easy to follow, but the really mind-blowing way in which the author draws and then redraws the characters is what makes this book such a hit.
SummaryNick has a "less than ideal childhood."Amy has a "less than ideal childhood."Nick and Amy are married.Amy disappears on their 5th wedding anniversary, and Nick is blamed.Nick is innocent...well, sortof.You think you know the rest of the story.But, you don't.Not even close.What I LikedHumor - If I wasn't breathing heavily to recover from shock or sucking in air over the most recent language bomb, I was laughing.Shock Value - I have no idea how many times Flynn smacked me in the head. Literally...smacked. me. in. the. head...I don't remember being this surprised by the events of story in a very long time.The Pull - the only thing I know to compare it watching Shark Wek...you know there will be sharp teeth, chills, biting, blood and fish guts...and even though most, if not all, SharkWeek fans would never ever want to see any of the shark action in real life, we can't take our eyes off the screen.The format - days gone...the alternating point of view between Nick and Amy for the same timeframes after she goes missing  may very possibly be genius.  It adds that "oooh, I can't believe she said that...now let's see what he'll come up with in response to the same scenario" feel to Nick and Amy's story...also how Flynn delivers some of her punch...different people remember events in their own creative ways sometimes.Go (Margo) - Nick's twin sister - seriously, the only character in this story that I actually liked...the only one with any sense...funny and a mouth like a sailorBetsy Bolt - Tanner's wife...the way she hit Nick in the face with jellybeans - Betsy made me snort!What I Didn't LikeAmy, Nick, Rand and Marybeth (Amy's parents), Boney and Gilpin (the two cops in charge of the investigation), Tanner, and pretty much anybody else in Flynn's novel.Good luck trying to find a character in Gone Girl that you actually like...and let me know how that works out for you.When I finished Gone Girl, my first reaction was anger...truly...First of all, my Nook said we had about 25 more pages to go, so I kept thinking something else would happen...but then I swished to the next page and found out it was the last page followed by 25 (pages) in Acknowledgements and excerpts from Flynn's other novels.Rarrrrrrrrrrrrrr!But, still, I honestly don't know if I've ever finished a novel with so much negative emotion...but not for the book itself, the author, etc.I don't really even know yet how to wrap my mind around it.**I started this review a couple of months ago.  In response to a very dear friend who asked me last night what I thought of the book, I decided it was time to finish this review...I still don't know how to wrap my mind completely around this book...I really don't.Amy's quizzes -I probably disliked Amy's quizzes at least partially bc I disliked her so much...but I really disliked the quizzes...hated them, in fact.Overall RecommendationRead it if you want your chain yanked...and are not afraid of some pretty seriously crude language used by both main characters.  A few times, the language felt like being punched in the face...just not the kind of stuff I hear everyday...and I teach on a college campus.  In the Acknowlegements, Flynn warns her own kid away from reading Gone Girl until he's 24...I think maybe 30 is better.  Flynn obviously uses the language for emotional zing/shock factor and oh, it worked.
it took me 40% of the reading to really start to be very interested about this book. I was almost about to give up, but I wanted to see the end of it and that was really disappointing. I don't want to go in to detail, but it is not my type of book. I wouldn't recommend it.
Couldn't put it downWell written fast pace good story line.  Well developed characters.  Kept me guessing and being surprised.
This was very intriguing with all its twists and turns.  The ending was a surprise and nothing I could predict.
This novel is full of twisty turns. I was halfway through the book when all of a sudden I had a huge ah-ha! moment. The writing was really good, and the story was clever. I won't be recommending it to my friends because the ending left me with a sick feeling in my stomach, but I am glad I read it nonetheless.
Gone GirlByGillian FlynnWhat's it all about?The story of a really messed up marriage.My thoughts...The story was told in unfolding alternating chapters...by Nick and Amazing Amy.  I love when an author does this...and also the book was divided into three yummy parts...the before, the going on now, and the what happens next.This book was very intense...Nick and Amy...two very flawed people...lose everything...jobs, lives in NYC, townhouse, and Amy's trust fund.  She is the beloved only child of a writing team who have based their best selling books on her life...thus she is...Amazing Amy.  Only snippets of her life within the book reveal how messed up this has made her...whew!!!This book was a tense nail biting ride...Amy disappears one morning and of course Nick is under suspicion.  Everything he does and says incriminates him...he is stupid and reckless and cocky.  He is a mess. He tries to help his new police buddies and only digs himself deeper and deeper into being the suspect. He smiles inappropriately, he acts inappropriately...he does everything wrong...including an affair with a student...a young student.It's as though Nick is being pulled along a tortuous path by someone who is dastardly and devious and manipulative...I wonder who that could be?Hmmm.This isn't a book that I can reveal to you...it was laden with twists and turns and chilling surprises.  Once I thought I knew what was happening I was knocked down by another surprise...and not a good one.I started this on Sunday night...and literally read it all night long...it is so gripping I could not put it down...there was never a point when I wanted to stop reading...I actually could not stop.This book is that great.It has brilliant writing, amazing characters, an unfreakingbelievable  plot...one of the best books I have read this year...It was so much more than a mystery...it was an event.  It was a long soulful look  into the lives of two destructive people who are supposed to love each other.  It was a ride with a character who was so evil and so determined to get revenge on the other...amazing stuff.Truly a wonderful book. Every single page I spent with these two weird people...every chilling eye opening event was mesmerizing...mesmerizing.This book had the most flawed, evil, dangerous, engrossing and creative  characters that I have encountered in a long time.It was an unforgettable book.
As I read this book I found myself intensely irritated with the characters, but I couldn't put the book down. I would read until I couldn't stand them anymore.  Then I would go back and pick it up because I needed to know more.  A good read!
This would make an amazing movie.  Good read.  Could not put the book down.  That's my kind of book to read.
This story kept me wondering where it was going through the entire read, loved it until the end...if you want to call it that. After all the cleverness, the ending was completely anticlimactic-a real disappointment. I was mad at the end because I expected something and got nothing - literally for an ending. I won't waste time on another read of hers for fear of the same kind of ending.
Started out a little slow but by the end, I couldn't put it down. So many twists and turns, your jaw will be dropping before it's over. Well done, Gillian Flynn!
Hated the way it ended.  She was such a devious character, and never did get her just desserts. Now I have to worry about that baby.
Great book from start to finish, so many twists and turns. Excellent writing, can't wait to read another by this author.
So many twists and turns you could get dizzy but then the author grabs you, and sends you in another direction! Smart writing! Fun to be a part of!
Gillian Flynn is such an awesome author.  I love the darkness in her books. There were so many twists and turns and nothing was really that predictable. As the reader I kept being pleasantly surprised.
Excellent writing, fabulous work. Many reviewers complained about the ending, but I thought it was highly appropriate. As another review wrote, those who didn't like the ending may have missed the point here.In any case, this novel is well written from beginning to end, full of suspense, tension, memorable characters, twists and turns and whether you like the ending or not, it's worth reading to get there.
This thriller is the literary equivalent of a roller coaster ride. The story unfolds in chapters that offer alternating perspectives of a husband and his wife, who went missing on their fifth anniversary.The husband is the prime suspect and he certainly seems guilty. At first. Then you think he's in the clear. Or not... And is his wife truly a spoiled, overindulged rich girl? Or is she a long-suffering soul trying to reconnect with a distant husband? Or something else entirely? You'll second-guess yourself throughout - it's that kind of book.Flynn pulls you into the story quickly. But every time you think you've figured out what's going on, who's doing what (and to whom), the shift in perspective in the next chapter makes you realize that this is no simple missing persons case.As you are drawn into the book, any allegiances you have for a particular character shift with each chapter. It all seems so basic at first, but as the characters reveal themselves nothing is as simple as it seems.I stayed up late to finish this book - it was that good, and I had to know how it was all going to end. It's one of the most fascinating and unexpected books I've ever read - the ending left me stunned.
Easy read and if you think you have problems.....jeesh. Wacky twist and lovable psycho characters. Two words for ending: What the...? ( in a "didn't see that coming" kinda way!)
What a crazy ride this book takes you on! This was this month's selection for our book club. Beautifully written and twists around every turn. I loved that it was told in diary form from one perspective and then bounced back to real time.  It caused quite a stir in our discussion. None of us were happy with the ending, however. This is one you have to read. It moves fast, in fact, you can't put it down!
Good read...interesting!!! Quite the twist!! This certainly did not turn out as I expected!!! But...the read was a good one!!
I totally enjoyed this story & its insights into a relationship & where it went awry.It also has a great whodunit plot.Definitely a book you will want to reread later.
I kept wanting SOMEONE to emerge as a worthwhile, functional person, but that just never happened, so I was left in a dark place (which is the name of Flynn's sequel, so I won't bother).  It is very well written, and the dual perspective writing format was most engaging, but the book left me feeling empty, and at this stage of my life there are too many other positive options with which to fill my time.
Hard to put down and keeps you engaged thru the entire book. Would suggest that others read it if the like this style book.
Wow, this was so much better than I thought it would be?  I am trying to catch up with the rest of what she has written.
I haven't enjoyed so much a book in a long time. It's very well written, the story grabs you since the beginning, it never stops amazing you, it's one of those books you will like to continue reading!!
I enjoyed the book but was disappointed at the ending a little too far fetched - a little like an american tv show
It's hard to say much about this book without introducing spoilers. Other reviewers call this a thriller or a mystery, but to me it was a story about complex relationships and breath-taking audacity, which kept me guessing until the end.Other writers will wryly note the breaking of the rule which states: Don't start your book with your character getting out of bed. However, that shouldn't read as sour grapes - this is a masterful novel and in my eyes fully deserves its success. I found the first part a little long (you'll know when you reach the part with the first big twist!), but with a tale this gripping, it's easy to forgive a little extra detail.I'm curious to see how they'll adapt the diary part of the book for the movie and look forward to seeing these memorable characters come to life on screen.
There has been a huge split in how Gillian ended the book but I LOVED IT.I know it was great because a month later I'm still thinking about it. Sometimes life doesn't end with a perfect bow but the journey is so worth it and in this case it is as well. It was a brilliantly written well crafted story of a very broken couple. Flynn's First two books were brilliant and this MAY even be better. Bless you Gillian Flynn for proving that Stephanie Meyer is not the standard female writers aspire too. And that woman can write without being reminded on every page that it is obviously a woman writing it. Gillian Flynn is an Author not a female writer.
Despite it's sales success, this is essentially a shaggy dog story -- there's lots of talk and in the end not much has happened (or what has happened is contrary to what has been motivated by the plot). This novel also has two of the least admirable "heroes" you may encounter this year. After about 50 pages you don't much care what happens to either one of them. If you like to hear amazingly self-centered people whine for about two-hundred-plus pages, this is a novel for you. Otherwise, reader beware: Skip this one.
It is interesting to me--but not surprising--that a tiny segment of this book's readers give it low marks. I detect two consistent themes in those reviews.Before I get to that, let me put in writing my FIRST reactions to this novel: creative and complex story, daring approach, flawless context, remarkably courageous personal insight, glib-witty-brutal-unflinching narrative.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book, even when it made me itchy and twitchy and feel uncomfortably exposed.And THAT brings me to the second theme in those negative reviews.  (I'll get to the first one in a moment).  Be assured, if you decide to read this book you're going to find little pieces of yourself and of people you know or care about woven through the cast of characters.  And it won't be the best pieces, either.  It will be the quirks and traits and harsh sentiments that all of us hope to keep hidden, not only from others but from ourselves, as well. Not everyone can look at that kind of naked emotion and see it as powerful, revelatory writing.  Some of us are going to find it uncomfortable enough to dislike the book and to find flimsy complaints on which to blame that dislike: characters, language, writing style. And some of us are going find it uncomfortable enough to dislike the book but recognize nonetheless that it is a riveting story told with skill, imagination, and intelligence, and therefore we have to go for criticism number one... the ending. And those are the criticisms that make the least sense to me. I can't imagine, after nearly 500 pages of wandering around in the skulls of these characters, what sort of happy or tragic or poetically just ending the critics might have anticipated. The end of the book (but certainly not the end of the story) is as natural and logical as all that leads us to it.  Granted, that's not very natural or logical for most of us, but it's what THESE characters would do; it's what they DESERVE.  And in that there is a sort of literary integrity.  It's not a Hurray! or a Yahoo! or a Gotcha! It's not TV.  It's a continuation of the lives these pathetically twisted people have knowingly, willingly, compulsively built for themselves. (Addendum: If you might choose to read this book, be aware that the dissenting comment below from gypsy03 is welcome and appreciated, but it IS a plot spoiler and NOT so labeled.  You might want to skip it.)
Started with high expectations struggled through till last chapter. Just words on paper characters superficial and one dimensional.Not unlike watching a 3D movie with out the special glasses. How this book became a best seller is a mystery,more intriguing  than the novel.
The story of how a marriage can go astray, with the added complication of a seriously disturbed manipulator. Not happy with the ending but well done otherwise.
I am so depressed when I read a book that wastes my time.  I love a book that moves.  This book was slow, the police missed clues even I could have figured out, and the ending was just plain stupid.  Maybe I'm supposed to like a book I have to think about.  NO!  I read because I love stories.  This one was a real waste of my time!
Great development of all characters and surprises that were not contrived, but were unexpected.  Stayed up late reading it wondering what would happen next!!
There isn't much more I can add that hasn't been written already about this book, you will LOVE IT, it's a page turner for sure,twists and turns, husband and wife having marital problems, wife disappears, husband blamed....you think you've heard this story before?? Well, not the way it's presented in this book..I loved this book UNTIL the ending, then as my title states - I wanted to throw it thru the window ! This book is definitely worth the money, yes buy it, and be sure there is nothing breakable around when you get to end :-)Short Review:Husband + Wife + marital problems + police = a great read but a lousy ending ! Yes even with the ending it's worth the time and price.
I truly don't know what to say about this book other than I wish I hadn't read it. I truly wish that. Is it a good book or a bad book that make me feel sick and hopeless and helpless all at the same time? Was it a clever ending or a total copout? I'm not sure so I gave it a 3 star review. But in all honesty, I wish I never read this book. And that is not a gimmick to get you to read it. I won't read any more by this author. I can take a bad ending as much as a good ending but I don't read books to be left feeling so totally disturbed.
Yes this is a good read, especially as it builds, but call me old-fashioned,...the books conclusion, and ultimate lasting message, are deeply unsatisfying and, in lots of ways, unhealthy.As the conclusion grew more clear, I grew more irritated, almost to the point of calling it quits on the book even though I was 9/10ths done. Yes, we are in a media-crazed world where 20/20-like stories permeate the mass media briefly making celebrities out of ordinary, and often very un-deserving, folks. Yes, calculating, frighteningly manipulative people can be interesting to contemplate. However, I walked away from this novel with a bad taste in my mouth as it reminded me that such people can triumph, be celebrated, and move on with no memory of the past. Sort of like a movie where the obviously despicable lead character carries on for several hours with crazed, hurtful behavior to an ending where there is no resolution, no justice, and ulimately leads to despair as to the apparent invincibility of such a person(s). Of course it exists in our world, but do we really need to give such business any more of the spotlight than it already receives?
A very good read to get you out of your world and into a completely pshyco one! I loved not knowing what was coming - it was a real thrill to go one way then the next then back again. Really enjoyed it.
This book has been touted as the best of 2013 and I could not disagree more.  It was a slow, tedious read with a slight twist that  meandered back to boredom.
What did I like about this book? Well, let's make a list.1. The two main characters are writers, and much of their story is told in a diary format (some in actual diary entries). Because it's told in the words of two writers, it is fantastically well written. The imagery is so detailed, the emotions so real. Some of the phrases feel like they were crafted like a piece of old furniture - worked and reworked until they were just perfect.2. Subterfuge. There were several locations in the book where I thought I knew what was going on - or what was going to go on - only to find out that something totally different was happening. I read a lot of crime/mystery novels, and the author does a fantastic job of using that fact to her advantage. In other words, the fact that I'm a fan of the genre actually worked against me in trying to figure out the ending. This was awesome because I kept guessing about how it would end until it did.3. The ending. Ok, so really the last 25% of the book. I loved seeing some of the characters changing their plans, making new ones, having to deal with things going awry... I wanted some of the characters to get more of what was coming to them, and others not, but who I wanted to get what changed throughout the book. I could have been satisfied with a couple of different endings, and the one that was presented... well, I might have wanted it to be a little different, but it was good.
An entertaining book. The characters develop in an intriguing way. Suspenseful story line.
Gone Girl is a meticulously crafted dark thriller, filled with lies and deceit.It exposes the torturous pain caused by toxic relationships, and the chilling manipulations of the sociopathic mind. I found myself quickly sucked into the story, and then kept on edge as the author brought me through creepy mazes of unexpected twists and turns. This intriguing book is so cleverly written, that as soon asI finished it, I started to re-read it. I wanted to make sure I didn&#8217;t miss any of the hidden gems during my first go around.&#65532;I am utterly amazed that I could like a book like this as much as I did, considering that I really didn&#8217;t care for any of the characters. This is one of those books where telling too much will really spoil it for the reader, so I won&#8217;t. However, I will say that this is a story of deceit, and just when you think you know what&#8217;s happening, you&#8217;ll find out that you really don&#8217;t. Nothing is what it seems. What makes this story especially chilling is that this nightmare could actually be some unlucky person&#8217;s reality.Nick and Amy found that their perfect relationship wasn&#8217;t so perfect after all. And what they thought they had known about each another ended up being all lies. So they became fast learners of one another. Their survival depended upon it.The book&#8217;s ending evokes strong emotions and opinions, but the ending really isn&#8217;t as vague as many readers would have you believe.Read the clues, the answers are all there.I highly recommend giving this book a read. It is very well written. Plan to be entertained, challenged and manipulated &#8211; and to enjoy every moment of it!
The story keeps you guessing whether or not the husband really did murder his wife or not. The ending sure takes a psychotic turn.
Frightening and captivating at the same time.  Scary to think there are minds that work that way.  Great read.  Wish there was a follow up.
I like the way it way written, each character describing things the way they see them.  It was very diffrent from other books I have read and pleasantly so.
I chose this rating because I thought the book was a subtle display of evil, which is victorious in the end. That surprised me.
The book starts out a little slow but builds into a roller coaster ride of deceit, scorned love and revenge.  I couldn't put it down!
The twists and turns in this book are so worth the read - I won't give away any details, but it is a smart book for mystery readers.  I was disappointed at the end though - it felt like author ran out of steam, which is too bad since the rest of the book was great.  I know if they make this into a movie, the ending will be different, otherwise everyone will leave the theatre quiet with a "huh?"
Fantastic writing and wonderful story line. Every time I thought I knew what was going to happen, the author threw me a curveball. We are reading this book for my mystery book club and I can't wait to discuss it. I am looking forward to reading Ms Flynn's other two books.
Loved this book.  Can't wait for the movie to come out. I hear they rewrote the movie ending, will be excited to see the difference. Lots of twists and turns.
This book definately had some unexpected twists and turns. The first part seems pretty straight forward, then really unmasks the characters. I enjoyed that aspect of the book. The writing was enjoyable and easy to follow.
It is hard for me to understand WHY this book is a best seller. By the middle of the book you don't like the main characters at all and the ending is just unbelievable. I thought it was a big waste of time.
After 70+  weeks on the NYT best seller list I expected more.  It started out really good, then just seemed to go down hill.  After they moved to the mid-west, two totally new characters seemed to replace the ones we'd started out with, and they weren't very convincing.  I kept hoping the author would pull it out in the end and tie everything together, but the ending was even more scatter brained, leaving me with nothing but a bunch of meaningless loose ends.  To me, this is simply not good writing.  I like a book that links events together, and leaves me with something to think about.  This was just a mixed up jumble of ..... ?  I really can't define it.
First half of the book was slow and not well written.With a little thought you would think some kind of closure could have been given to this story
I haven't read a 415 page book in 48-hours in years. The writing, character development, and plot twists and turns were so compelling. I will be reading more books by Gillian Flynn, and soon.
Completely caught me off guard. Not predictable at all. A good read and one that is not easy to put down.
This book is a good read, holds interest and has a mega giant twist at the end. This book would make a good quiet weekend getaway read.
very interesting book. I enjoyed it and am looking forward to seeing the moviehope you like it as much as I did
Goodbye Gone Girl.  The story was fascinating and kept my attention waiting to see how it would all work out.  But -- the ending was very disappointing.  Didn't particularly like the characters either.  Why did I keep reading it?  Curiosity.
Ms. Flynn does interesting things with narration and the reader's view of the characters does undergo a change in the course of the novel.  She captures the 'midwesterness&#34; of her setting.  However my primarily problem with the book is that it is too long.  Sadly, I found myself becoming bored with the retelling of the story, even though more of the trickery is revealed in some detail.  Am not quite sure how and why this was a best seller.  Wonder who bought the most copiies:  men or women?
Summary:  A wife gone missing, Amy.  Evidence of foul play points to the husband, Nick.  Husband spends a great deal of time trying to convince the media and public of his innocence, despite being caught in many lies.  The question throughout most of this novel is &#34;Did Nick kill his wife&#34;?  For two thirds of the novel, it held my attention with that question.  One minute I was in Nick's corner, the next I was doubting him.  The story is cleverly written, building up the mystery, injecting some twists and turns; holding a steady pace of mystery through out most of the novel.  I particularly enjoyed reading the alternating chapter/perceptions of both Nick and Amy, which added more to the question of whose story was genuine and whose was fabricated.  The book is written in 3 parts; the first being the slow, long prologue, or the build up.  The 2nd part reveals the twists and turns which satisfyingly dismantles any preconceived thoughts you may have thought you figured out - which I enjoyed.  However, the 3rd part was completely disappointing, leaving me feeling void for what I consider to be a cheap, unsatisfying ending... a VERY weak conclusion...  The shift in a characters 'behavior' just didn't flow....  5 stars for the story.... 1 star for the ending.
Having just finished this book not 10 minutes ago..I had to stop and give a review.Bear with me, I'm not a real reviewer..there's no Amazon gold star next to my name.But I am a reader. Avid. Like, 1-2 books a week for 25 years(with some years skipped).Never, ever, have I been so absorbed by a book. The palpable tension, the roller-coaster plot, the DEEP dive into the mind of Man, mind of a Woman, the dynamic of a marriage .... all make this a book that will a) make your skin crawl b) make you think hard about good & evil or c) wonder what the heck your better half is really thinking.  Oh yes, it's a love story.This story demanded my complete attention in the 3 days it took to read.And while I could glimpse the ending before the ending, it was still a rare treat to read the book until the last page.Wow.On another note: I'm in a bind. Coincidentally I have a  good friend who's celebrating her 5 year anniversary, and while her and I share similar taste in books,this book is not for the squeamish or easily offended. So much so that I'll think hard before I giving it as a gift...
Couldn't put it down!  Sometimes the hype is right!  Can't wait for the movie - Rosamund Pike is PERFECT for Amy!
Loved this book. Always kept me guessing. I read a lot but I haven't read a book quite like this. I love the author's style. Compelling read!
Great twists!
I know I am just echoing a huge crowd, but I really enjoyed this book!  Couldn't put it down - read it while nursing a newborn and it was great entertainment!
I didn't believe the story was very believable.  How needy was Nick to accept Amy back in his life after discovering what a nut-case she was and all the people she had taken advantage of thru her manipulative ways.  You'd have to sleep with one eye open the rest of your life, knowing she was capable of murder.
One of the quickest reads of all time. Full of twists and turns, and even more twists, Gillian Flynn has crafted a crew of clever, motivated and maddeningly love-to-hate characters. I literally could not put this book down. It unfolds brilliantly, and will keep you guessing until the last page.
Full of suspense - couldn't put it down. Interesting take on a marriage that was once filled with love and went a bit sour.
Although this book started slow for me and I wasn't happy with the ending, it is one of the best books I've read in a long while. Reading it I could not anticipate or guess an ending. The characters totally involved me. By the time I was a quarter of the way through the book I couldn't put it down. If you haven't read it get yourself a print version or a Kindle version, sit down with your favorite snack and drink, and read.
After seeing so many good reviews for this book, I expected much more than a set of characters who were not worth thinking about at all. The only reason I finished it was because it was the selection for my book group. I did not like the writing, the characters, or the plot.
it moves along in a lively way with many twists and surprises....it is a good read for a snowed-in day
Terrible book.  Nothing redeeming about the characters or the story line.  I did not care one whit about these people or what happened to them.
I was looking forward to reading this book; but I couldn't wait to finish it by the time I was only half-way through.  It started out okay with the author's development of the character, Amy, a spoilt, rich girl who felt she needed to put up a facade in order to be accepted by the smart set and then had difficulty keeping  up this fake persona  once she had married the man she wanted.  We then saw  her husband's discovery of this deception and his subsequent decline.  After that it all got quite ridiculous and totally unbelievable - I wasn't able to relate to any of the characters  -  the married couple were both horrible, scheming people who deserved each other.  The ending was very lame!  It was as though the author couldn't work out how to finish the story so she let them both "live happily ever after" which was really weird, seeing as the whole book was about their intense hatred for each other!  Didn't add up.  Can't recommend this one at all!
This is the first book I've read by this Author.  I did find the story a little difficult to get into for the first third of the book - too much back and forth between the current events and the wife's version of the past. And I became a bit tired of the little quizzes in the diary.  However, once the momentum of the story started to gain pace and the plot took some surprising twists and turns, well, I just couldn't put the book aside.  I was stunned at the book's conclusion and applaud the lack of 'happy ever after' ending and not having all the loose ends of the story tidied away.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book and will certainly seek out other books by this Author.  Would I recommend this book?  Absolutely.
The story goes back and fourth between a diary from the missing wife and the present circumstances of the husband.  many surprises along the way.  Good read!
It was not the best book of the year but it was a good reflection of American life.  I guess you could  call it a light read.
Excellent storytelling. Grabs you right from the start and won't let go. Believable characters and settings, you feel as if you are part of the story.
I hated being left hanging at the end. I desperately wanted closure for everyone. It felt like a cop out like the author got tired of writing the story.
An unusual and un-put-downable book.  Took me by surprise and then kept me enthralled throughout.  I never knew what was coming next.  Loved it except for the end. I didn't really get it so I found it disappointing.  It may work if the author writes a sequel.
I haven't finished reading this book, but it is very good and complex. There are many twists and turns and the story is revealed step by step through diary entries by the "Gone girl." Interesting also to understand the husband's part.
can not say enough good things about this book.  Seriously.  I can not.  Because most of what I want to say would involve spoilers.  It would involve me saying things like, "I was totally blown away when...." or "Oh my gosh, I couldn't believe it when..."  Trust me.  This is a book you want to read with someone.  You will want someone to talk with about it.It begins with Nick getting a call from his neighbor telling him that his front door is open and his wife's cat is out on the porch.  So, Nick rushes home and finds that indeed his door is open and the beloved, never go outside cat, is outside.  He becomes even more disturbed when he goes inside and finds the living room in a shambles and no sign of his wife Amy.The next chapter is Amy speaking.  It is Amy's diary from when her and Nick first met.The story continues with alternating Nick and Amy.  Nick current with the events surrounding Amy's disappearance and Amy in the past leading up to today.That's all I can tell you.  Really.Every single part of this book is good, from the very first sentence to the very last sentence.  On the very last page of the book, the last few sentences, I was still amazed at where the book was leading.  It kept going full speed ahead to the very end.The writing is excellent, but I was so absorbed in the book, I didn't stop to highlight many sections.  I had only one highlight:"I have become a wife, I have become a bore, I have been asked to forfeit my Independent Young Feminist card.  I don't care.  I balance his checkbook, I trim his hair.  I've gotten so retro, at one point I will probably use the work pocketbook, shuffling out the door in my swingy tweed coast, my lips painted red on the way to the beauty parlor."This is the third book that I have read by this author, and I am anxiously awaiting her next!
This book was a huge disappointment! The first half of the book I ended up skimming b/c it was the same thing chapter after chapter. You know there has to be a huge twist so that when it comes, it feels like a cop out ( I actually figured it out). The ending is an unrealistic cop out. The writer gets things so twisted, there is simply no satisfying way to end the book! wasted $
I very much enjoyed this book.  It kept me guessing for quite some time and I went through it very quickly.  I highly recommend it!
As a fellow author I know how much work the author put into this book. Amy is one devious, manipulave, vengful women. I really felt sorry for Nick.Writer Interruptus and Other Stories
I read about half of this book and honestly I put it down and have not finished it. I will wait for the movie which I can only hope is not as winy and slow as this book.
Very good writing, goes deeply into characters and personalities, intrigue at the most, a very good book, but not if you are in a depressed state
This was such a fun book to read! I bought this e-book while on vacation in Maui. (The "e-books" I had bought and planned to read were actually short stories and were easily finished in an evening)I searched "what's popular" in Kindle, saw Gone Girl, downloaded the preview and was hooked!After purchasing the full book my wife and I read together, (on the plane) or I would read to her when alone, (chicks love that).There were several times while on the plane when we would both look at each other with our mouths hanging open in disbelief at some new twist or revelation.As soon as we got home I ordered Gillian Flynns other 2 novels. Even if they are only half as good I'll be happy.
The plot and unique way of writing this book from the perspective of both the husband and the wife was refreshingly different.  It is a real page turner and has you guessing for a long time.  The end is believable based on the character development.  A good job!
Warning: somewhat of a spoiler.  I'll keep this short because I don't think this novel deserves a lot of my time. The author can write and tell a story - I'll give her that. I've read all three of her novels.  If you define a "page turner" as something you read on the exercise bike, not paying close attention and with no desire to ever read it again, they're page turners. Flynn gives us dark characters, twisty scenes, mindless entertainment. But at least her other novels offer somewhat multidimensional characters and some surprises. I found this one totally predictable and guessed where it was going even while rolling my eyes.
This book was so different from the start, an absolute page turner. I was so impressed - that is until the end, so disappointing. I was sorry I read it. Who would ever end a book like that!!!!1
This is a good holiday read, the book is well written with a quirky storyline, it was hard to put down , which is a compliment . Highly recommend this for a really enjoyable read
Nick and Amy have been married for five years, and on the morning of their anniversary, Amy disappears. Nick has no alibi. The book is written from two different perspectives, Nick's voice in the present, and Amy's through her past diary entries. The different perspectives allow you as the reader to live in the moment with Nick as he experiences the fallout of his wife's disappearance, but also understand the past that has led up to the day of Amy's disappearance from her perspective. What made the book particularly interesting to me was that since Nick is telling the story from his perspective, you get these little pieces of information like when he tells the police that he made reservations at a fancy restaurant that night for their anniversary, and then tells the reader, &#34;that was the first of many lies I told the police.&#34; The difference in perspectives also highlights the imperfections of the characters and also reminds the reader that perception is not always reality, it's just the character's reality.You find yourself heavily invested in the story. The book definitely keeps you guessing. There is just enough information that you as the reader think you know what's happening, that maybe you have the details worked out, but then Flynn slaps you in the face with another plot twist. It's an agonizingly thrilling book. There are parts that will make you want to throw the book away because the characters are so deeply flawed and you get so angry with them, but again, that's the wonderful thing about reading a story solely written from a character's perspective. Then there are parts that make you want to scream because you didn't see it coming.I know a lot of people hated the ending of the book, but I honestly didn't mind it. I thought it was a fitting end to the story. I won't give it away, but I will say that you should know you may not like the ending.I don't typically read a lot of thrillers, but this book has convinced me that I need to start. I found this to be a very fast read, and when I wasn't reading it, I was constantly thinking about it until I finished it.
Interesting read.  Story was put together well and difficult to figure out what the plot ending was going to be.
After being on the NY Times best seller list for over a year, I expected this book to be fantastic.  I was disappointed.  It was good but I have read much better books that never made the list.
This is a  book I have intended to read for a long time.  Glad I finally got around to it.
The plot proceeds from the point of view of the two protagonists.  Suspense builds gradually, and reveals in a  fascinating way.  Only problem was the conclusion, which leaves much to be desired.  It reminds one of :&#34;The Lady and the Tiger&#34;, where one realizes that there is no answer immediately observed. Completion will take place off into the future, but the book will long be over.  Overall I enjoyed the main body of this book.
Fast interesting read.  The writing from both character's point of view made a cativating senario. Psychological analyses are in depth.
Loved the whole thing but the last chapter! I guess the author didn't call me! LolGood read.....left open for a sequel, maybe.
This book was totally different than any book I had ever read.  There was so much drive to find out what happened, then you add some crazy twists, and you just can't put it down.  By the end, I disliked both characters immensely, but I still liked the book, which sounds crazy  It is definitely a book you will remember..
I enjoyed this.  I got in on c.d., which makes my long drive to work and back so much more enjoyable.  It kept me wanting to know what would happen next.  I don't know if that would have been my favorite ending, but I did not expect that either.  Great!
This book touches on so many emotions; love, hate, terror, manipulation, revenge, lust, justification, presumption. It is a puzzle within a puzzle, not a traditional who-done it. The ending was a surprise, and after I reflected on it a while, a good one, because it could spawn another great story from this one.
Great characters, great, crazy, twisted plot. You never know what to expect next.  Keeps you reading. Great read!  Highly recommended.
Interesting plot....well written. Moves along slower than I like. Main character becomes annoying and incredible.  Others that I have spoken with feel the same.
I am carefully giving this book 4 stars because of some good plot twists and occasionally sharp wit about human foibles.  I did not care for another &#34;dysfunctional family&#34; book, but found it intriguing in that it did cause me to wonder about what would happen next, so it was a page-turner.  The weakness I found in Gone Girl, in my opinion, was that the two main characters were full of dislikable traits (lying, shallowness, deceit, etc.) but very few, if any, redeeming features that would make them much more believable and well-written.  The classic villain has at least one soft spot!  I found absolutely nothing to like or trust about most of the characters except perhaps for the secondary character Margo, the twin I could connect with because she never lost her love for her brother.
This book seemed too long to me - I was getting weary from it about 3/4 through.  It is quite the work of writing and I have to admire all the details and getting into the mind(s) of these characters.  I say Mind(s) because I actually felt it was the same person - was  expecting the end to reveal one person with multiple personalities.  I've known a scarily manipulative person or two over a lifetime, but nearly all the characters fit that description in this book.  Not enough relief in contrast throughout.I don't know how may pages this book has as I read it on my kindle but if felt like 400-500, which made the experience a bit like a lengthy soul bashing.  Often times a page turner and a mind bender - trying to &#34;side&#34; with one character over another - exhausting.  If you like that kind of read you will enjoy this book.
If you require your books to have tidy resolutions and redemption for its characters, don't read this book.  However, if you love a book that keeps you reading into the night, Gone Girl is for you.  The story is told through the dual narration of a wastrel husband and his wife who vanishes on the couple's fifth wedding anniversary.  What follows are more twists and turns than a roller coaster.  Very good read.
Okay, it was well-written, I'll give the author that - but that's all - almost. I have to say it was riveting and I stayed with it to the end.  But mostly I stayed with it to the end hoping I would find some redeeming qualities in the 2 central characters, which I did not!!! What a pair of lying, sociopathic losers they were. They deserved each other and I think their baby will be "Rosemary's Baby" and she will kill her parents when she is 11 and I say 11 because she is a smart, scheming little creature who knows she won't be tried as an adult and she knows she can handle juvenile detention.  Hey, that might make a great sequel to Gone Girl!!!
The first 2 chapters are kind of slow but after that it's a barn burner. Witty in a Sorkin-y kind of way, rather than the twit-lit that is so much out there.
I was sold very early on while reading this books - it is well written and has plenty of plot.  I loved the different twists and turns that that novel took up until the end.I absolutely hated the ending.  I think the author really could have written a better ending - something along the line of Nicks dad not dying and killing Amy at the end - that would have really made a great ending.I really never got why she brought the dad into the book not to have him mixed up in the plot somehow.  Even saying that I hated the ending, I did enjoy the book and I hope they make it into a movie - this would make a good Hollywood thriller on the sceen - and this would be one time they can change the ending in a book and I wouldn't mind....
Clever book with fantastic twists and turns that had me reading it in one sessions as I couldn't out it down. Will very much look forward to more books from this fantastic author.
Excellent story and writing.  Kept me engaged throughout, even though both main characters were despicable!  Well worth it.  She is a great author.
omg...ok first let me say that for me the book was very slow and confussing but i kept reading.  im so glad i did because it turned out so good.  the wife ended up  being crazier then i ever thought someone could be!  the things she thought of were scary snd insane.  great book everyone should read.
I bought this book around the holidays and just finished it in 2 days.  Why did I wait?  Who knows?  This book will keep you on the edge of your seat.  I swear, every chapter ended an  left me with my mouth wide open.  I couldn't believe that just happened....what would be next??
327 people on the library waiting list! must be a damned good book right? no! I am glad i read it to see what all the fuss is about, but at the same time I wasted time that could have been spent on a real good read. The main characters are tapped and highly unbelievable.
This was a very disappointing mystery/thriller. The entire plot was lame only to be surpassed by a terrible ending. It was a total waste of time and money.
Wow! This book runs the gambit of reviews. I really loved it, because it had a twist I didn't see coming, and that alone made it worth the price of the book.The story starts off a bit slow, but soon you are wondering what happened to Amy...I won't go into details since it will spoil the story.As for the ending, I personally thought it was perfect since these two people were in a really crazy relationship, so for me anyway, the ending was fantastic. Not sure why there was such a strong reaction to it. I actually did find myself thinking of the story, and how crazy it was long after I closed the book. For me, that is a great gauge, does it make you re-consider your own relationship after you finished reading...in this case, the answer was yes!Best,P
What a strange book... with all the twists and turns in this story, you end up taking turns liking and hating each of the several characters. I found the end of the book unhappy and unsatisfying, but all in all, it was fascinating to watch the story unfold. It's one of those books I can't say I really liked, but I'm glad I read. If this review doesn't make a lot of sense to you, read the book and you'll understand.
This book went wayyyy beyond my expectations. All I can say is you must read this book. You will not pick what happens next. Completely twisted, edge of the couch exciting, and very satisfying!
I am in the minority regarding this book.  I felt the character development was good, story line just became too unbelievable, and I truly wanted both of these incredibly self-loving people to die by the end.  Enjoy!
I bought this because my friends raved and I thought my husband would enjoy it. He didn't want to finish it but I told him to stick with it. Now 3/4 of the way in he says its okay. Easy to put down and doesn't keep him up nights trying to figure it out.
This was my first taste of Flynn.  I was entranced....in part, perhaps, because I am a psychotherapist and found myself nodding repeatedly as she plumbed the depths of human need and darkness.The only somewhat unbelievable - but certainly not impossible - part of the novel was the intra- and interpersonal insight each spouse developed that kept them married.I am convinced that Nick and Amy Dunne are still together...balancing, like well-trained tightrope walkers, their deep need for, and distrust of, each other.Flynn's writing style is enviable.  Taut, tight, terse...in spite of the 'time traveling' and varying POV's.I went on to read Sharp Objects, (Oh my dears, what a disturbing read.  Delightful.), and am about to start Dark Places.I will read all future Flynn works, and if I ever need a therapist who can take me all the way down to where the toad squats, I'll be contacting Gillian.
I enjoyed the flow of the novel, but having a content page at the beginning killed the suspense somewhat.  This may not exist in the Paperback edition but it does on the Kindle.  Enjoyable without being great.
This novel had me guessing which way it was going to go right from the start. It has so many twists that you just have to keep turning the page. The author did a fabulous job in the way she laid out the story. It was always intriguing and never slowed down throughout the whole book. This one would be a great summer read!
I found this novel engaging as both a mystery and a psychological study. In fact, I can't think of any element which was in the least disappointing. The characters are well drawn out and believable and the storyline, although surprising and unique, is made believable by Gillian Flynn's expert storytelling.I plan on reading more of Ms Flynn's work which I hope is as engaging as this novel.
Enjoyed the read with the twists and turns. Felt sorry for the husband in the end!He got punished more than he deserved....A sequel perhaps?
The story line . . . the writing . . . the weaving together of characters, themes and sub-plots . . . a Gillian 'GOODIE' for sure.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book. The author did a masterful job of weaving a tale of deception and how complicated a couple's relationship can be. Not sure I bought the ending, but the book is a great read.
I read this book because part of the movie coming out in 2016 was filmed with Ben Affleck in my home town of Cape Girardeau, MO, and the fact that the novel was based in MO.  I loved the intrigue of the book and writing.  It definitely kept you guessing and surprised at some of the twists and turns.  For me personally, the ending was a little weird and disappointing.  However, maybe that's just me!
Thriller. Just when you know what happens. .....well drawn characters that we think we all know.  Page turner that will leave you guessing at every turn of the page.
this is a wonderfully crafted mystery.  Can't say I cared much for either main character, but absolutely love the book.
I really enjoyed Flynn's first novel, Sharp Objects, but Gone Girl really is the next level.This is a love story, a murder mystery and a caper story all rolled into one, simmered in a base of horror... Crisp, observant and very modern, she paints these tremendously detailed characters who are simultaneously creepy and lovable, but always memorable. The pacing is masterful and despite the morbid dealings, I found myself having a great deal of fun as the plot unfolded. I love the contrasts between big city and small town, the strong character types that are quirky enough to stand out, and her cultural awareness: there are neat literary and movie references throughout. I kept asking myself: "How does she think of this?!"Highly recommended, regardless of your usual literary diet, Gone Girl traverses genres and does so deliciously!
I could not put this book down! The first couple of pages were kind of slow but the further I got into it, the better it got.  Talk about plot twists! Just when you thought you had it figured out, it would surprise you.  And I never saw the end coming! I'm definitely going to have to get the author's first two books now.
I had a difficult time getting into this book because the writing style of Jillian Flynn is very unusual.  About one third of the way through the book, I finally got into the plot because of the surprises, twists, and turns.  I really didn't like either one of the characters, but I certainly wasn't prepared for the way it ended.  I was, to say the least, disappointed.
This book is full of words...just. endless words and descriptions.  I lost interest very fast!  Kept hoping for more meat  to the story but just didn't come.
I think this is going to be the first installation because like most other reviewers, I kept thinking No Way at the end.  Please, Don't let this be the real end.
Good book but I would have preferred a different ending.  Can't say what I would have preferred without a spoiler alert, but it is still a good read.
I really enjoyed this novel until a bit past the halfway point, at which it moved in a direction that bordered on the silly. I kept thinking, now it's a bit too much. The book also became predictable, with a predictable ending, and one that was not very interesting given the very interesting buildup in the first half of the novel. Gillian Flynn can write, and her characters are complex, intriguing, unpredictable and human. Nick and Amy seem to have a good marriage, but as Nick finds out over time, they did not. Amy, being the charming sociopath she is, has a photographic memory for all the slights and mistakes Nick has made when dealing with her, and believe me, they are not very few in her view of things. And since she is the jury and judge, she can mete out his punishment as well. I found myself thinking at one point, Ms. Flynn must have experienced a relationship like this in order to write the hate involved so well. Or perhaps not. I guess it's possible to fantasize about punishing a significant other in the way that Amy punishes Nick; but you'd really have to be off the wall to act on the fantasies. When I got to the point in the novel where I understood what Amy was really all about, I thought, just let them get a divorce, it would be easier. Please just get a divorce and spare us. But Ms. Flynn lets Amy answer that question for us, and the answer is no. Amy is not about divorce. Nick thinks along those lines, but Amy has a plan to get him to toe the line and keep him bound to her forever. I was hoping for a different ending, one that was easier to explain, one that was less bizarre. Strangely enough, despite the inexplicable and bizarre ending, it really was predictable and a letdown.
I almost stopped reading this novel a couple of times because I didn't like the lead character much. My recommendation for anybody picking up Gone Girl is read right on through your resistance! This is a true roller coaster of a read that is worth your time. Get over needing to like anybody here. Just read it. Nothing is as it seems -- except for the fact that Gillian Flynn can WRITE!
This book didn't begin to hold my interest until page 140! The reason I continued up until then was because of the hype I had heard about it.  It did sway your emotions. It was easy to follow. I disliked the ending but maybe that's a good thing!I just can't see why it became such a hit.
I don't read a lot of mysteries because I find they get very repetitive and predictable. This book was neither of these! It caught my attention from the beginning and kept me page turning into the night. I can't wait to try other books by this author. Great read!
Here is who this book will not be good for.1. people who don't like a story told from two different viewpoints.2. People who don't like books that bounce back and forth between the past and the present.3. People accustomed to crime shows on TV that always wrap things up nice and tidy.So much has already been written about this book but I will add my own little critique. I really did enjoy the book, it reminded me a book called &#34;The Lie&#34;. The reason for this is both are told by more than one viewpoint. This method of writing can be very tricky for the reader to believe the viewpoints of the narrator of each viewpoint. In the case of Gone Girl I did not believe it was Nick narrating his chapter viewpoints, it felt more like what Amy thought and believed that this was what and how Nick would behave. Outside of this one gripe I definitely enjoyed the book.
Wow, Gone Girl grabs your attention right away with its excellent writing.  This book has received excellent reviews from authors and publications alike.  And it deserves it.  This is bound to be one of the must read books of the year...and I'm sure will be optioned as a movie.The characters that inhabit the world of Gone Girl are not nice people, in fact it is difficult to find redeeming qualities in any of them, but it doesn't matter because they are written so well.  Nick Dunne is completely full of himself and careens through life taking the easy way.  He is basically a self involved jerk.  Initially Amy seems likeable...the Amazing Amy...that's all I will say on that subject.I love that this is story for the times.  Nick and Amy have both lost their jobs and have retreated to Nick's home town.  He gets to be big man about town owning a bar (which Amy bought) with his twin sister.  Amy is lost without her hometown of New York City.  The town is full of the unemployed.  Industries are shutting down.  The huge mall that was the town's main bread and butter has shut down due to the economic recession.  Homeless, people are turning to drugs.  Gillian Flynn has captured the midwest recession perfectly.This book is full of amazing twists and turns.  The ending is legendary.  I highly recommend Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn.  It was released yesterday...don't wait to read this one...everyone will be talking about it!
The best book I have read in a long time. Flynn has written an absolutely and wonderfully psychotic story with authentic characters originally created.  Hannibal, Missouri, is an unlikely, but unique Midwestern setting where life is usually so predictably hum-drum; but here, it is the perfect backdrop from the Dunne madly fueled marriage.The writing is so perfect, just genius.  I cannot wait until this novel is on the shortlist of the 2012 awards (hopefully, an Edgar).
This was a quick read.  I didn't want to put it down.  Not at all what I thought it would be.
If you like to read about two self-centered, egotistical snots then this is the book for you. I quit reading it because the characters were so unlikeable. Sure am glad I didn't buy it.
This is a very entertaining read.  It was well written and well plotted.  I am sure people like these exist all around us.
I was steered toward this book by a top books of 2012 list. It did not disappoint and kept me guessing!
I struggled through the first half. It just seemed to drag on and on. Second half became very interesting and I was excited to read it. And then...the end. What was that?!?! SO sad that I wasted money on this book.
I got this book from my sister-in-law because she knows I love to read in any of my spare time. This was full of twists and turns so much so that I found myself talking with her almost daily about the happenings of this book as if it were real life.
From the opening through the painfully predictable storyline and up to the pitiful ending this is one of the most ridiculous books I've ever wasted time on.Unbelievable and totally unlikeable characters set within an equally unbelievable scenario.There are no twists, no turns and absolutely nothing unexpected - total drivel without a redeeming feature.
She is such a great storyteller.  I did not see all the twists and turns coming and love the whole thing.
I couldn't put this book down due to the twists and turns in the storyline.  I enjoyed the fact that it changed viewpoint from chapter to chapter.  It played with your sympathies and opinions.  It was fast paced and well written with interesting observations on life and relationships which led to enthusiastic and varied discussion in our book group.
Full of twists and turns, Gone Girl unfolds like a classic Hitchcock thriller, shocking you with every turn of the page.  It is a gripping masterpiece, superbly written with layers of intrigue and mystery, making it one of the best psychological thrillers I've ever read.If you're looking for a great book, Gillian Flynn has more than delivered!
I found this book to be one that was a real page turner.  I wanted to read the next chapter to see if there was any clue and when I had turned enough pages to find the real perpetrator of  the crime I was stunned.  I could highly recommend this book to anyone interested in twists and turns and a surprize element.
This is a great book for the first 3/4 of the novel.  The author is a fantastic writer who really has a way with words.  The plot moves quickly and keeps you guessing for a long time.  I wasn't crazy about the end, but still enjoyed reading the book.
Slow to start.  I was 50% through the book and wondered if the plot was going to &#34;thicken&#34; and boy did it!!!!  Really enjoyed the book!
Like everyone else, I have to say it was a must read for me.  Not your typical storyline.  Difficult to find any redeeming qualities in any of the main characters and the conclusion was hard to take.
After typing that header I am not sure who is the villain if this book. Amy is truly brilliant in her skill of manipulating the people around her. I found myself skipping to her entries as they were better than her husband's. He becomes what he is because of Amy he claims, but there is a rottenness in him that was there from the beginning.The end was a total flop, leaving us hanging with no resolution and no clear winner.
There are plenty of reviews discussing what the book is about, so I will skip that..  I had read way over half of this book when I started emailing friends it was one of the best books I read in a long time and recommended they buy it immediately.I just finished the book a few minutes ago and all I can say is: "Really that is how you wrapped up the ending?". It was awful.  I would not have cared if it was a happy or sad ending, but this ending made me now hate the book.Now I am emailing everyone to tell them NOT to buy this book.  Honestly I can't imagine what she was thinking.  I had planned to buy her previous two books but not now.
A "Page" turner.  Love the format...Present to past and back again.  Easy to follow with just enough characters to keep reader interested and not get lost in who's who.
Truly a great mystery, BUT even more I was fascinated by the observations on marriage. The grip of first love, the willingness to do everything our partner wants, the disappointment as we find flaws...it is spot on, though the characters in this story are angry, selfish, and thoughtless...like most of us are. Recognizing our behavior in others always helps us learn.
Puts Hitchcock to shame...As much as I hated the characters and the outcome (do we really know, though?) I have to admit this is one very talented author. I'm going to reread this after awhile because the twists are so hard to unravel.
This is our book club selection for this time. Lots of twists and turns. Just finished the book and it's still too fresh in my mind to know how I feel about the characters and the outcome of the story. This will definitely be a robust discussion.
I did like how this was written and the story line. The characters where believable, even if you hated them. The author used quite a few swear words in her character conversations. I know people talk that way, but it is not needed to tell the story. I found it distracting to the point I almost did not finish the book. Even now after having read the book earlier in the summer, that's what I remember more than the story.
I loved this book with all of its twists and turns! It was certainly a good "read". Assumptions while reading got turned around - upside down. Even the ending was not anticipated!
....to literary exposition.  A fun way to unravel a mystery plot.  Interesting and somewhat unusual plot.  But with a &#34;meh&#34; ending.  Certainly worth the read.
I'd heard many good things about this book and thought it would be a good summer read. I thought the start of the book was a tad slow but the action and twists got quite exciting in the middle. I was pretty riveted to the story developments and, based on what the author presented, enjoyed guessing at how it might end. Had I reviewed the book midway through reading it, I would have probably lauded the cleverness of the writing and of each plot twist as well as the surprises the two main characters' actions gave the reader.However, when I finally got to the ending, it changed my whole opinion of the book. The build up and excitement and twists and surprises that I'd enjoyed turned way too bizarre in the last section of the book. Hoping, HOPING that it would lead to an interesting and satisfying ending, it was a total and ultimate disappointment when it did not. The end falls flat, does not even FEEL like an ending and I actually thought my Kindle had left out the last chapter. Unfortunately it didn't. As one other reviewer observed, one tends to remember a book by how it leaves you feeling at the end. Thus, I will no longer recommend the book and am left with a negative feeling. I initially cared about Nick and Amy and the book's resolution. Too bad there wasn't a resolution and it was all too easy to stop caring about this deeply troubled and weird couple.
Amazon kept recommending me this book, and I kept putting it off. When I finally purchased it, I was bummed I didn't read it sooner. I ordered both of her other books as soon as I was done (and I actually might have ordered them before I even finished). Great read, and I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good book.
Are there really people with minds as twisted as Amy's? Glad I haven't encountered any of them.Sometimes you just know that your future depends on handling a certain situation exactly right. EVERY situation Nick will face in the future is that pivotal.My goodness, what a burden.
I am a huge fan of The Lion in Winter. This novel reminded me of that film because of the cunning, acting, and deep need to be the significant other's number one that is seen in the novel. Beyond that, however, this novel takes that dynamic and turns it into something so insane that, ultimately, it is fully comprehensible. It is a difficult one to explain, but let me say it was a very, very good read.
I couldn't put it down.  I was disappointed in the ending but still....very enjoyable.  Intricate plot with lots of twists and turns.
So many twists and turns I could hardly keep up.....kept me on my seat. Made me think about the real definition of unconditional love.
It was really fun to read a book that didn't just follow the usual format.  I loved the twists it presented and I loved the end, whch reminded me of the French book: Le Chat.
Very interesting, very different for a mystery.  The dislike for Amazing Amy grew and grew all through the book.  But, she did get the last word.
Skipped to the predictable ending couldn't read every chapter it was ridiculous and repetitive and what else can I say
A well-crafted fiction about an individual's capacity to turn self-righteous indignation into a clever scheme of revenge and deadly retaliation.
Clever storyline, interesting characters, great twists and thought provoking insight into marital behaviour. Once you start, you just can't stop reading this novel.  I would recommend it.
It was a good book. I had a acquaintance tell me to call her when I finished it. I did and she was dying to know if I thought there would be a sequel. I would have to say that I would definitely read a sequel.
This is a fantastic book. Great characters, both good and bad. Twists you don't see coming. I did not want it to end.
This was one of those rare books that lives up to its billing, I simply could not put it down.  It works at multiple levels, not simply as a suspense/murder mystery, but also as a social commentary, and more importantly a mediation on marriage.  Even those that are in no way like Nick and Amy, but are married, reading it will probably wonder about not only their view of what is going on in their marriage but also how their partner views it.  A smart book that is more than just a pot-boiler.  Read it now before the inevitable movie comes out.
A fresh if troubled version of a who done it and WHY????? Complex, unlikeable characters but a plot that won't quit! A page turner'til the very end!
The author's subtle manipulation of the characters was masterfully done. I would begin to dislike a character, only to realize a few chapters later that I'd been mistaken in my judgement,  then after another chapter or so, my opinion may change again. This story had more twists and turns than a cool ride at Disney World.
Good story.  Lots of twists and turns.  Kept my interest.  It actually gets better and better as the story continues.
This is a well written page turning mystery.  The characters are very well constructed and interesting. The twists and events keep the reader going and I could not put it down!
A book that keeps you turning the pages (always a good thing) and has excellently drawn characters, but that simply fizzles out at the end.  Call me old-fashioned, but after you've been through the drama and the ups and downs and the plot surprises, you want some resolution.  What you get is just a nastier version of the status quo ante from page 1.  This book gets rave reviews from a lot of people, but it feels overly constructed to me.  It's as if, just when you expect to get that satisfying release of resolution in the last chapter, the author decided to go for a literary prize instead of a great story.  Most annoying.
This book was highly recommended to me by the owner of my favorite bookstore.  She warned me that I may not like some of the characters, but I assured her that if the story were good, I was good with that.  She failed to mention an even bigger offense--the book had no real ending.  Throughout the entire back and forth between the two narrators they hint, and allude, and coyly promise bigger things to come.  The book is full of moments when one of the two main characters subtly drops a morsel into the narrative, and it made me eager to find out what it meant, what was next?  Each chapter gets more intricate, and I kept thinking that she would have to come up with something mind-blowing to cover all of the twists and turns that the book unveils.  You can imagine how horribly disappointed I was with the ending that wasn't.  The ending was flat out RIDICULOUS!!!  It was not in keeping with the characters, their motives, and it was sorely lacking any comeuppance.  In short, don't bother--a fairly intriguing premise was ruined by a pathetic ending.
Gillian Flynn writes the most comprehensive characters. She doles out her story a little at a time, hooking you and making you race to the next page. This story was fascinating and incredibly different. Amazing read!
I really liked the style in which the story was written - his side, her side . I thought the ending was too abrupt - maybe because it was my first Kindle and I didnt realize I was close to the final pages.
I enjoyed the mystery and after a little speculation and thought, the ending was probably the only way it could end.
When I began reading this book, I thought I knew where the story was headed.  Boy was I wrong! There are many plot twists and turns to keep you reading page after page. I wanted to read it before the movie was released, but now I'm not sure i want to see it. Excellent read.
I still don't know if I liked it.  I guess I did because I put my life on hold to give all my attention to this book.  It has many twists and turns and is "unputdownable".  I like the writer's style and will probably read one of her other books.
Just when you think you know what will happen.....frustrating, but in a good way. I'll read more by this author.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. If you like books that keep you guessing all the way through, you'll enjoy it too. I find that my favorite books are the ones where none of the characters are all good or all bad. Real people are multi-faceted and so are the characters in this story. I'll look for more of her books for sure.
A very clever, psychotic woman does keep the reader hooked to see what she will do next. Her husband had his own set of problems.  Read it for a book group or would not have finished it.
This is deservedly a best seller.  Don't miss this cruise through a marriage in a mess.  Full of twists and turns and reversals, it reminded me that other people's marriages are indeed a mystery.  The characters are unforgettable, and down the road you will idly wonder about how it all worked out.
A different ending... This is a page turner and if you are tired of the direction the story is taking, just turn the page. But I was hoping for a different ending!
such a great way to write, it really keeps you guessing right to the end. I was enthralled and totally caught up in it. marvellous read.
Took awhile but persisted and was a very good read. Very interesting plot. Enjoyed the book after the first few chapters.
Gillian Flynn is a master at her craft, layering up the plot like a true artist. The way she is able to create a love affair between the reader and her characters is mesmerizing, as is the way she can also make the reader doubt that same love affair. Her characters have such robust personalities, they came alive in the story, bolstered by their realistic motivations and thought processes. I even found myself falling prey to thinking I was just like one of the main characters, as if Gillian was reading my horoscope.The time frame was at first not cemented in my mind, as I was listening to an audio book, and didn't quite remember when in the past she was referring to as it was only mentioned once, but the story began to come together in time as the story progressed and moved mostly to present day events.Normally I only listen to audio books in the car but this one was so good I listened to the last third of the book in bed before sleep and the next day while working.I look forward to the movie and am pleased that more people will be pushed to read the book due to the attention because this book was one of the better books I've read to in a while.
What a crazy great story.  The author has a very unique way of telling a story and a vivid imagination.  I couldn't put the book down, and ordered her other two as soon as I finished.
Without giving too much away this book is amazing. I stayed up all night reading it, couldn't put it down. I don't usually like thriller's but this was different. Read it.
&#34;Gone Girl&#34; was indeed pretty engrossing, and had me sticking with it (not very complimentary, I know).I say that because about half-way through  got tired of Amy's page after page of  introspection.  i did want to see how it  came out in the end, so kept reading and glad I did.. .Loved the perky, sparkly, tripping along writing.  It was a very enjoyable read.
First half was very suspenseful and very well-written. Interest and suspense petered out towards the end... Does make you think about whether you REALLY know the person you married!
Oh my gosh - this book was so good. I was drawn in right from the title which is perfect for this book. "Gone Girl" just sounds creepy and intriguing. This is one of those books that is really hard to review without spoiling it but I shall try. Gillian Flynn has created two fabulous characters in Nick and Amy. While the plot of this book is primarily the mystery of what happened to Amy, it's also a study of Nick and Amy's marriage and how things change once they both lose their jobs and move from New York City to Missouri. I had the pleasure of seeing Gillian speak at an event hosted by Rainy Day Bookstore. She said Gone Girl is about how no one really knows what goes on in a marriage and what happens when your golden lifestyle that you define yourself by is stripped away.My full recap of Gillian Flynn's talk will be published on 6/20/12 at [...]
A great insight on the the enabling side of a psychopath.  Spoiler Alert:  I was delightfully surprised that the wife was the true maniac, but also a little inspired by her response to her husband's affair.  I guess the old &#34;That'll Teach 'Em&#34; lesson is no laughing matter to this Gone Girl.
Gone girl was psycho good! Loved it. Lots of twists and turns in this book! Keeps you reading... Get it
I don't care that the first part of the book is a set-up for the rest of it. It was boring. It was supposed to be a hook, and a hook should grab you and keep you hanging and wanting more.  If I had not been in a book club, I never would have continued reading it.  Also the language was coarse and unnecessary.  A good writer can find other words to convey the story.
Wow. I mean, WOW! What a book! A person must be truly brilliant to come up with a plot like this. It's that great, it really is. It grabs you right from the start with catchy opening sentences and keeps going this way to the very end. Contrary to some opinions I encountered that the book had a pretty slow-paced first half (to be made up for by the roller coaster of a second half), I personally found this book to be thoroughly compelling throughout. And it reads like it was written to be filmed, I can easily see this book turned into a very successful movie.I'm not going to give any detail about the plot itself, because everything is so interconnected that there's no way I can reveal a little without revealing too much and totally ruining this book for other readers. So I'm only going to say that, come to think about it, it's quite sick in the message that it conveys. It represents such a twisted and unhealthy vision of marriage that, in a normal world, it would totally extricate the desire for commitment from people. But we don't live in a normal world, and I know there are a lot of crappy marriages out there... So we get to have this story, and it's so well written that you actually stop minding all the despicable things it talks about. The things spouses (in this book, Amy and Nick) would do to each other, the amount of information they'd withhold from each other, the ends a person is willing to go to out of unhappiness...About the characters. At first I found both Amy and Nick to be pretty cool. Fun, interesting, sweet. I liked them both, in a different way--in the beginning. But then there's this thing: you don't get the whole picture in the beginning. The author is feeding us one little bite of information at a time, and somewhere along the book I already was pretty much hating both with the same energy that I loved them in the beginning. The first part of the book took its time to introduce and somewhat develop the characters, and perhaps for that reason some readers found those first chapters to be rather slow. I personally found them quite entertaining, I was constantly wondering and replaying possible scenarios in my mind. But by the middle of the book, once the readers are already served the full pile of nastiness, you no longer wonder: you know. The outcome was still anything but clear, and it remained this way until the very last page, but you no longer get to like the characters, they have grown that unpleasant. By that time, however, the action is moving on so quickly, that one would hardly focus on the characters; it took some will power for me not to skim through pages just so I could reach the end and finally figure out what would happen. Flynn really does know how to keep her audience intrigued.What disappointed me in this book was the ending. I was going to rate it 5 stars, I really was. But the ending the author chose came so unexpected, it went against all my personal ideas justice in fiction :)I was left wondering if the author perhaps had several different versions of that ending and only chose this one spontaneously at the end. I don't know. But I did feel Gillian Flynn kept her "finale" options open. Throughout the narrative, she left little venues here and there, little stories she spent suspiciously good amount of time on, so I was kind of expecting them to turn up towards the end to assist the novel's "grand finale". They didn't, and I felt a little cheated by my expectations. I was, really was, hoping for some sort of a happy ending, if such was even possible with such a plot. So, my personal craving for justice wasn't satisfied. Or maybe--just maybe--there might be a sequel? It certainly leaves you wondering.
Read "Gone Girl" and lose yourself to a game of chess between a man and a woman that conjures images of "War of the Roses" and "Basic Instinct."On cue, Amy Elliot Dunne enters as Catherine Trammel (Stone in "Basic Instinct"), the quintessential femme fatale; gorgeous, brilliant, wicked, conniving, a sociopath who acts without remorse, without mercy, typically one (or two or three) steps ahead. Amy feels used and abused; by her parents, by her husband, by life. A (rare?) moment of sincerity from Amy tells us:  "...it had to stop, because it wasn't real, it wasn't me. It wasn't me, Nick! I thought you knew. I thought it was a bit of a game. I thought we had a wink-wink, don't ask, don't tell thing going. I tried so hard to be easy. But it was unsustainable..."Of course, Nick Dunne is far from Mr. Right. Nick is a functioning alcoholic (Douglas in "Basic Instinct"?), the stud all the girls want only to be shocked later on when he treats her like dirt. Here's how he characterizes an old fling (stalker?) of Amy:"He sat down opposite me. He was dressed in impeccable shades of navy and cream; even his shoelaces looked pressed. He carried it all off, though. He wasn't the dismissible fop I'd been hoping for. Desi seemed the definition of a gentleman: a guy who could quote a great poet, order a rare Scotch, and buy a woman the right piece of vintage jewelry. He seemed, in fact, a man who knew inherently what women wanted--across from him, I felt my suit wilt, my manner go clumsy. I had a swelling urge to discuss football and fart. These were the kinds of guys who always got to me."So, the set-up: on their fifth anniversary the wife goes missing.And then the search is on.And then the husband becomes persona non grata.Enter Ellen Abbott (filling in for Nancy Grace) and Sharon Schreiber (doubling as Diane Sawyer) and what we experience is our own reality show starring a narcissistic man and woman out to one-up each other as Ms. Flynn keeps the reader engaged with witty dialogue and introspective prose that keeps us guessing till the end.The movie is apparently in the works (and I have no idea if she was thinking "Basic Instinct," but I am a dude, and I don't usually read books like this). Could we have Charlize Theron vs. Bradley Cooper vis a vis Sharon Stone vs. Michael Douglas? Maybe so. The rumored director is David Fincher, he of "The Social Network," "Seven," "Fight Club," "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo," and "Alien III" fame and an admitted influence on my own work though I suspect most dudes might hesitate to watch this one; the collective sentiment being "best not to give them any new ideas."The bottom line: men everywhere will be sleeping with one eye open at night after reading this one. Dare I say Ms. Flynn is a talented writer? I do. She is. She kept my attention for more than 400 pages and executed the "unreliable narrator" to perfection. She stepped up her game considerably from "Dark Places" as "Gone Girl" features a smoother plot, believable foreshadowing, fewer disgusting (unreadable) scenes, and a much faster pace. "Gone Girl" is thought-provoking and will lead any couple to pause, perform a closer examination of their own relationship and perhaps make some overdue and necessary changes (but hopefully won't end the way this one did).-Raeden Zen
It took me quite a while to make the decision to read this book; &#34;Mystery&#34; is not my first choice. Boy, what a page-turner! I couldn't put it down. Warning;the end is frustrating
It is difficult to describe the shortcomings of this book without discussing some of the major plot points. There were so many discrepancies in the story that you could try to attribute to the main characters' pension for lying, yet to me it just felt like pure laziness on the author's part. That said, the story was somewhat entertaining.
This was last month's pick for my book club. I might not have necessarily read it otherwise. I used to read a lot of psychological suspense, but have moved on to other genres.Wow. This was definitely an interesting read. What a weird couple. Enjoyed the story.Wasn't happy with the ending at all, and was a little ticked off. I felt cheated.
Gone Girl is a taut suspenseful psychological thriller wherein both partners of a marriage are so into mind-*uc* games with the other that I couldn't tell if either of them really knew when the game went South. This book is fascinating.Nick, the tall handsome husband, in the beginning does and tries to do everything he can to make his more than perfectly beautiful in every way wife, Amy, happy. He is the perfect husband. If he isn't sure about what to do to accomplish her happiness then he asks her. And for her part, Amy, just by being with him is the perfect wife. This seems to work until both of them, writers, are laid off from their jobs in New York City where Amy was raised by wealthy writers of children's books whose stories were based on their precious little Amy.Nick takes Amy back to his hometown where his mother is dying of cancer, his father is in a home with Altzheimers and his sister still resides. This makes Amy very angry and an angry Amy is not someone to mess around with. So there they are, neither one with jobs and Nick stops trying in the marriage. This makes Amy even more angry. She begins to plot and when Amy plots she doesn't mess around. This woman is brilliant! Before we know it, Amy has gone missing and the clues all point to you guessed it: the husband Nick.The book is written in a very different format. Our author has taken it chapter by chapter and alternated the telling of the story from the POV of Amy, then Nick, back to Amy, etc. Strangely enough it works.I lost sleep in the reading of this book. I can't say that it was a great book, though I gave it 3 1/2 stars out of 5, but I will say it is a fascinating read and it definitely held my interest. However I did find the ending strangely unsatisfying even though it rang true to the story. I don't think that all will like this book but the ones who do like it will really like it. There is not anything boring about it.
Loved this book, but ended up hating both the main characters.  Each wanted the other dead, they just took different paths to that objective.
This book keeps you guessing all the way to the end. You can't stop reading it because you have to find out the end! It was on the top 10 reads for a reason. Great read!
Love the plot, the characters and the ending. This book is so well written and offers so much insight into both its main female and male characters.
This book was very good, it had you thinking a lot because there was so many ways it could go, but I did not like the ending I wanted it to end another way. LOL!
I had recently read Gillian Flynn's other novel Dark Places and enjoyed it thoroughly. When I heard that David Fincher was making a film version of Gone Girl I dived in. This is a really clever, razor sharp thriller that turns the screws and around the 3/4 point turns the whole thing on its head. I loved both central characters and hated them too. A very satisfying read and highly recommended
Again, the questions just disappeared as I was about to answer them.  Why are you asking for reviews without offering to reimburse me for my intellectual input?
A real page turner. Once I would pick the book up, I could not make myself put it aside.  Even cost me some sleep.
Long and contrivedI found it repetitious and it didn't move along.  Too much detail that made the story unbelievable.
Very different book than other mysteries I've read!  Exciting read though.  I am used to reading series' mysteries where I like the characters.  Needless to say, I didn't like the characters in this book.  But, it was a Best Seller for a reason. So gave it a shot.I would definitely recommend this book if asked for my opinion, because I couldn't wait to see how it ended!  Very weird though!  Did not predict this one at all....Fist time reader of Ms. Flynn, so would definitely read another book out of curiousity.  Not sure I like her style.  But, would give her talent another chance before writing off her books from my favorites.
Flynn, G. (2012). Gone Girl. New York, NY: Crown Publishing Group.Genre: Thriller/Mystery, Adult FictionNick and Amy are celebrating their fifth wedding anniversary. But, Amy is nowhere to be found. She's missing. She's gone. Amy's disappearance becomes big news quickly and Nick is almost immediately pegged as the perpetrator. Flynn switches the point-of-view back and forth between Nick, in the now, and passages from Amy's diary. And it seems the two are in completely different marriages. One thing seems to hold the truth, an annual scavenger hunt planned by Amy has scattered clues all over town. Will the clues lead us to Amy? Is Nick guilty? Is anything what it seems?Wowzers! What a book!When people ask me why I do not ever want to get married...I will refer them to this book :).  Ha ha, but seriously, marriages like this are not rare. Well, this is extreme and fiction but people are dysfunctional.Okay, back to being serious. Flynn's writing was perfect. Yes, perfect. Not in an Amy kind of way perfect, but perfect perfect.  And intriguing. It is absolutely scary how real the characters are. Flynn spent a lot of time developing their personalities, voice, mannerisms, etc. and it paid off because their characters are fully developed, multifaceted and it is easy to visualize an accurate depiction of them.A theme or message I took away from the book is, people are natural pretenders, Nick and Amy are pretenders to the world but because Flynn took us inside their heads, we were able to see them for whom they really were. Two individuals so stuck on issues from their childhoods, they cannot function appropriately. Amy is controlling, obsessive, and ruthless. Nick is cowardly, insecure, and emotionally empty.Flynn held my attention throughout the book with her structure and insight into human thinking. Skewed patterns of cognitive processes fascinate me and Flynn captured this phenomenon, so well. People pretend to be cool, good, or whatever they deem favorable because these ideals do not actually exist, we all just want them to.Flynn has some side agendas with this book. The bashing of the media and internet is almost like a second plot line. A good one, but it probably was not necessary.*An afterthought: Go, Nick's twin sister, was my favorite character. She is a nice contrast to these off-putting main characters with her honesty, loyalty, and humor. She was introduced to us as the dysfunctional one but girl has a good head on her shoulders.I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a thriller, a mystery, or something different from the typical read. Kudos to Flynn.
Sharply written with introspective views that almost reveal too much!  The seriously flawed marriage between characters who border on psychopathy, provides a plot that is as interesting for the characters thoughts and motivations as it is for its' meandering story line. The reveal midway through takes your breath away from an otherwise predictable "the husband did it" story. The degree of self-damage that the main characters reveal may stretch credulity at times, but the intricate interworking of rationales for their behavior illustrate that beneath the surface, even the most normal of us may be badly broken and deeply disturbed.  As interested in how they are perceived as they are in resolving the battle majeure set before them, the characters ricochet from one disaster to another as balls-in-play in a pinball machine. A great read and a unique story!
Way to long .I really don't know why it was on the top 10 so long. This is book is a 6 1/2 out of 10.
I devoured this book in less than 4 days, work and the rest of my life be damned.  It's certainly a page turner with a wonderful insight into the human psyche.  But it's also an indictment of men and women of the species and our inherent weaknesses and foibles. Highly recommended if only for the psychological introspection of both Amy and Nick, but also for defining the hidden and damaged souls in our midst known clinically as sociopaths. But who we refer to as sister, brother, mother, father, daughter, son......
The first few chapters of this book seemed to be so poorly written I almost gave it up.  Mainly it's Amy, the wife, speaking through her diary that was so infantile sounding. The book does improve. I liked it better when I got to Part Two and the diary entries stopped. I can't imagine why the diary was written to sound like a teenager instead of a mature woman. Oh, that's the problem, she's not exactly mature. My second criticism was the ending, not because it didn't make sense to me, but because I foresaw it far in advance. The plot is compelling; I can't imagine coming up with something like this with all the insanely clever, intricate planning. I enjoyed the book and never got bored, but I'd have enjoyed it more if the characters were a little more "adult."
This is one of the best books I have read this year. Superb storytelling. It's a mystery, a thriller and a book about relationships. It deserves a sequel, wrong cannot win over right.
I did not connect with the characters, they felt manufactured. I feel the marketing strategy seduced me into buying the book. A disappointing read.
The humble reader of the thriller genre has very few demands and merely looks for a few basic qualities in a book:-It should have a complex but non-convoluted plot-It should have characters who are believable and 'empathy worthy'-It should have simple chapters,sufficient twists and stick to the point.-It should be a page turner'Gone Girl' has one more endearing quality : it is written brilliantly with a very original and stylistic approach that makes it one of the best written books of 2012.The story starts with the disappearance of a housewife and the chapters cleverly alternate with a first person narrative by the husband after the disappearance, and the diary kept by the wife before she disappeared. The dates of the diary slowly creep towards the day of the disappearance and then the story takes an unexpected turn (the desired plot twist).Ironically, had this book been written by a male,it might have come off as demeaning,misogynistic and patronizing toward women. But the gender of the author sets this bias aside and makes this high voltage book hard hitting,visceral and most importantly believable and not just because the author's picture resembles what the main character might have looked like !If you are looking for a fast moving tale with a deliciously extraordinary variation of a 'he said-she said' theme, don't let this book be gone before reading it.
I know most people liked this book, but I did not find it very interesting.  I did not like either of the main characters, did not like the story line, and found it impossible to relate to any character in the story.  I think a good story pulls the reader into the plot, making you believe the story on some level, but I found this story line completely unbelievable.
Award-winning author, Gillian Flynn, has already had tremendous success with her current best-selling novel titled GONE GIRL.  This time around she takes what appears to be a familiar subject --- the break-down and apparently tragic ending of a marriage --- and turns the premise on its ear.On the day of their fifth wedding anniversary, Amy Elliott Dunne goes missing.  The obvious suspect is her husband Nick.  Nick is portrayed as distant and uncaring.  He shows all the ear marks of a spouse who is floundering in his marriage and looking for a way out.  Amy, on the other hand, is portrayed as a creative and lively free spirit who will do anything to rekindle the romantic flames of her faltering relationship with Nick.Or so we thought.What Gillian Flynn does best is toy with the reader's emotions and pushes them deftly into an area of prejudgment when it comes to making their minds up about Nick and Amy.  GONE GIRL is written in a unique style whereby the chapters trade off between Amy and Nick's perspectives.  Amy's part of the narrative starts prior to their marriage and shows a spirited young woman in love.  Nick's portion of the tale begins on the day of Amy's disappearance.  The juxtaposition of these two very differing narratives creates purposeful confusion in the mind of the reader and it is easy to go where Gillian Flynn wants you to.However, GONE GIRL is really two completely different novels.  The first half clearly paints a picture of Nick Dunne as the villain.  His inner monologue refers to several lies he has told everyone around him about Amy's disappearance --- including the police detectives working the case.  You also uncover an affair Nick has been having with a student of his that has been going on for over a year.  Amy loved treasure hunts and would typically leave clues around the house for Nick to actively search for gifts or special events.  As the clues for their fifth anniversary plans are uncovered --- it reveals Nick in an unflattering light as the location of each clue could also be a potentially damaging piece of evidence to convict him of Amy's abduction and/or murder.That is the first half of the novel.  Part two opens up with the revelation that Amy is not only alive but has been playing Nick for months.  She has set up a meticulous scheme to make it look like he was involved in foul play with her disappearance. She knows seemingly all --- Nick's affair, the clues that the police will discover --- and she is always several steps ahead of him.  Could the once romantic and lovable Amy actually be a diabolical sociopath with a dark history of manipulating people like puppets in a Punch and Judy Show (a nice metaphor that is used throughout the novel)?To give away any more particulars would spoil the experience.  Leave it said that GONE GIRL will test your opinions and sensibilities and teach you not to jump to conclusions until you know all the facts.  A brilliant, labyrinthine web of a psychological thriller and sure to be one of the most talked about novels of the year.Reviewed by Ray Palen for New Mystery Reader
this book kept me on the edgeand was an insightful look into human naturesometimes reminding me of my ugly self
Gone Girl is the most interesting book I have read this year. It is easy to read I finished it n one day as I  could not put it down. The end of the book is fantastic only could have been written by a genius with a great imagination.I f you like reading you will love the time you spend on this book.
It was an interesting format and pretty much held my attention throughout the entire book.  I have to admit that the end was a little disappointing though
I bought this for my father as a birthday gift.  He ended up reading, and finishing it in 2 days.  He kept saying how much he enjoyed it, and based on his positive reviews and those of my friends, I'm excited to read it!
I ordered this book months ago and I thought that I was going to zoom right through it, NOT THE CASE!! This book is a drag or perhaps I just haven't given enough of a shot. I can't believe the writer finally got the story going and then it just stops!!??!? This was the biggest waste of time reading this book. I am so annoyed right now. I will not read another of this writer's books because I won't waste another moment of my life for nothing to happen in the end.
Everyone has used the term &#34;page turner&#34;.  This is truly one you can't put down.  Mysteries have always been a favorite...I love to figure out 'whodunnit'.  It ends in an unresolved way....I sense a sequel.
A dark page turner that has readers trying to figure out who did what, with a twisted love story intertwined. The author does a great job of keeping you guessing!
this book is a page turner.  it makes you think about your personal marriage and what you could do to make it better
I thought this book started out very slowly, but then picked up pace and interest.  However, the ending was quite unsatisfactory and "inconclusive."
Gillian Flynn's GONE GIRL:A NOVEL is one of those books that twists and turns and then snakes back again until the final scene which ends in the only possible way it could. The writing is excellent, and as one who has studied marriages and families, Flynn does a superb job of depicting a disturbing and disturbed relationship. I would recommend it for anyone who wants to be involved as well as entertained.
I have honestly never read a book with characters quite like the ones portrayed in Gone Girl.  I am not even sure I can find words to describe how fantastic of a book Gone Girl is.  I could not put it down, I could not get enough of the book or it's characters.  I 100% recommend this book.
The story moved along soooo well and then the author lost her way and couldn't find a satisfying or surprise ending.  Lending library only.
She is a sociopath and he should have left her sooner.  He still can even with her last hold on him, as a  psychiatrist  and sensible judge would give him custody of the child she is holding over his head. A most unsatisfactory ending and not even realistic, considering the options he has compared to  caving in and  the hell this woman will continue to put him through for all  eternity with her manipulations.  &#34;For one to be taken advantage of, it takes TWO; the one who does it and the one who ALLOWS it!
This one will keep you guessing right to the end.  One up-man-ship is the order of the day so plan to be frustrated time after time as the good guy and the bad guy do battle.
This one was on the best seller list so long I read it to see why.  All I can figure is there's a lot of women who like reading about how insensitive some men can be.  That's what the first half of the book is about.  The second half is about how devious some women can be.  The only mystery was how Flynn would resolve the two.  Telling alternate parts of the story using Amy's diary is an interesting device; and the underlying theme of the futility of trying to be who we are expected to be instead of who we are earned an extra star.
The technique the author employed to tell the story worked well. It gave the reader a clear unobstructed view of the two narrative lines. The story was engaging and entertaining, but ultimately, I had difficulty believing some of Amy's actions and Nick's inability to reach some resolution for his situation. To satisfy my desire for a better ending, I envisioned Nick in a hospital waiting room having to decide between saving the life of his unborn son or his persecutor. Wouldn't that be an easy decision?
it was a tiring read. had to work at it to get to the end.  glad to be finished.  whew!
I started this book and it started out really good. The overuse of the F word finally got to me and I decided that I am giving it up and taking it back to the library. The last paragraph on page 168 got to me. While I enjoyed Nick story just when it got good it would switched to Amy's and I was annoyed by that constant back and forth.
I read this book very quickly because it was so engaging and I wanted to know what happened next. It was a very interesting plot. However, I thought the ending was horrible. I felt very left down by the way it ended.
This is a fantastic summer suspense book.Hard to put down. Is Amy dead or missing? Did Nick kill her or is he innocent? What is wrong with these people?? They are both crazy and fascinating at the same time.
this is a compelling thriller, I enjoyed the characters and a fantastic plot. I love stories that make you think what if it was you.
Flynn certainly did a great job of writing an entertaining story that causes the reader to consider his own use of manipulation in relationships!  Well done!
I don't understand the rave reviews for this book. Every character in the story is manipulative, degraded, or morally bankrupt. The plot is preposterous and the outcome was predictable halfway through. Amy is portrayed as a fanatically detail-oriented and goal-driven Machiavellian genius but somehow can't hold onto even a low level job. I finished the book but it was a relief to escape from it at the end.
I looked forward to reading the book, a real page turner.  I'm not sure if I liked the ending or maybe I just wanted a different ending.
The first half of the book was slow.  The second half was more interesting and a fast read.  The ending was very disapointing.
I was expecting a really good suspense story from all the positive reviews. What a let down!  I rarely review books and this is my first negative review.  The author is a talented writer, and because she made me dislike the characters in this book so thoroughly,  is the ONLY reason I'm giving this book two stars. The story started a bit slow, never really picked up and at about twenty percent into the book you knew what the end of part one was going to be. I continued to read because I hate not finishing a book, which leads me to that ending... how implausible....  I can suspend disbelief better than most and I love all kinds of good stories...  This was not one of them...
After reading some good reviews, I really wanted to like this book. I'm sad to say I think it might be one of the worst books I have ever read. Too much of the characters thinking, the explaining of clues. The plot became so outrageous toward the end it was totally unbelievable. I also didn't care for the turn to gross sex talk. And then the guy takes her back? Are you kidding me? And there's no ending? Thank goodness I got this from the library! Live and learn, I guess this author is not for me.
Gone Girl is about a disintegrating marriage and the thin line between love and hate.  Amy, the unhappy and bitter wife goes missing on the day of her fifth wedding anniversary. Nick, her husband,  who is strangely calm about the whole situation is the prime suspect.This book was an incredible disappointment. Maybe I expected too much after reading review after review about a great plot twist. The writing is good in most parts especially in the first part of the book but good writing can't save this book from weak characterization. All the characters speak in the same bitter and angry voice which makes for bland and boring reading.I will give Flynn credit for painting a frightening picture of a woman scorned and for showing realistically how quickly a seemingly loved-up couple can become each other's worst nightmare. A warning to all readers though - don't believe the hype!
Great writing, and more twists and turns than imaginable.  Just when you think you have the answer, another turn comes into play.  What a ride!!
A more or less believable relationship is developed in the first half of Girl Gone, after which the reader is given a vaguely believable abduction and manipulation story. After a slow beginning, the novel reaches an exciting middle before slumping again to reach a less convincing ending. Nick and Amy have had an intense relationship and marriage in New York, but things begin to go downhill as they both lose their jobs and return to Nick's Mississippi home town. Then one day, on their anniversary, Amy disappears. Has Nick disposed of her, or is he being set up? The problem is that one of the protagonists does something not entirely believable at a key turning point in the plot. The character follows the needs of the plot rather than the other way around, breaking a cardinal rule of writing. Altogether, I found this full of promise but ultimately disappointing.
I really, really loved this book until I was about 80% through. Then it just got weird. Neither character got what they deserved - but I guess that was the point. That being said, I really enjoyed reading it but just wish the end had been more satisfying.
First of all, I'm going to disagree with those who felt the ending was a letdown. In fact, it was perfect. Absolutely Twilight Zoneian. I won't give a spoiler here, but knowing a person like one of the characters in this book, the last chapter absolutely knocked me out. Sensational.Second, the plot twists and turns were amazing, and Flynn manages to pull them off. As soon as I found myself thinking, "Oh, come on..." Flynn drops in just the right amount of justification.This fits that cliche "compulsively readable." It reminded me of Scott Smith's A Simple Plan in that way. You keep thinking, No, it can't be, and then it is.So why only three stars, when Flynn is so obviously talented? Because of the sophomoric insistence on the F bomb. Please. Stop. It's not realistic and it's not necessary. It's a hip novelist's idea of what hip novelists should write. Very off putting.But if you can get by that, you might really enjoy this novel. If you liked Presumed Innocent, this is for you.
I was just about to give up on this book when I hit the twist, so if you get bored, keep reading, it will be worth it.
Could not put it down until I knew. Kept me guessing until the very end and left me wanting more. Captivating characters.
I knew someone would go missing from the title but never expected this!  Edge of your seat-who?who?who?  Good story line, good background info on characters.  Definitely recommend.
I knew this book had been panned because some readers didn't like the ending.  I decided to read it anyway and am glad I did.  I was grabbed by the plot and could hardly stop reading until I reached the end.  I'm not so sure I agree with those who didn't like the ending.  Both of the characters were flawed and maybe they got what they wanted in the end.
I am sure glad I have a good marriage!!!!  Terrifying is the best word I can say.  Twists and turns....wasn't sure how it would end.  I think I enjoyed it (!).
ugh... I've never read a book where the ending was that nothing happend. It's as if the author, herself, got tired of trying to figure out what "should" happen, and decided that it was easier to simply stop writing.
An interesting thriller, not always sure who's what.Enjoyable , looking forward to movie. Always a good idea to read book first.
Once word. Insane.Insane.Insane.I cannot believe that a person could come up with this kind of story and actually be able to put it on paper in a way that makes total sense and is captivating and well written. I would give it 5 stars, but i'm just so horrified by that fact that someone's mind could work this way that i cant.
Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl is a tremendous work of fiction. The story was filled with nonstop twists and turns. Admittedly, the ending was not gratifying and was actually the only part of the book I didn't thoroughly enjoy.
Dark and increasingly disturbing this book took me to a place I didn't see coming and that is rare.  I figured certain parts out long before they were revealed but the extent to which this book is twisted is a path I didn't even consider going down.  Is it a love story? A story of obsession? A story of betrayal? Or maybe its all of that rolled into one.  The beginning of the book is a little slow and it took me a while to get into the groove but then it picks up and swings you around and takes you on a wild ride that you didn't see coming.  This is psychological thriller at its best.  Its not graphically gory its just down right disturbing.  Did I love it or did I hate it? I still don't know I just know I will probably recommend it to others because I need someone else to talk to about it!
After reading a number of reviews regarding this novel, I was genuinely excited to get started reading Gone Girl. The dialogue was stimulating, the concept fresh, the characters complex and interesting....but the author boxed herself into a corner and as the book climaxed...bang!!! Gone is right, down the tubes, the cleverness, inventive approach just turned into another dead end, imagine if you will ending. Sad for such a promising start. IT's fun to read and be engaged with intelligent dialogue, great twists, but contain your expectations because it ultimately falls flat...for this reader.I am truly surprised that others have raved so lavishly about this novel, its a good 3 star book IMHO.
I purchased Gone Girl on the recommendation of my niece.  She said it was fantastic and she's recommended other books that I've enjoyed.  Not this time.  Absolutely unbelievable.The first part of the book was slow...but I was told it would get better, so I soldiered on.  Second part of the book WAS better...or at least a bit more readable.  I kept waiting for the BIG REVEAL.  The ending was absolutely the worst ending ever.  No justice and I had a flashback to the television show Dallas and was HOPING that they'd both wake up and it was all a dream.There are MANY loose ends in this book.  With such an open ended conclusion, I can only think the author is working on a sequel.
I was intrigued by the jacket description of this book, and was not disappointed with it at all!  I was looking for an intelligent, but beachy read and this was it!  Highly recommend!  I went on to read another book and Gillian Flynn and loved it as well!
I pretty much never say I dont like a book, but this one, nah I did not like it. The author was new to me and was a recommendation. I dont get how people rated it 5* either. And I am not kidding, for me the first half of Gone Girl was a PURE TORTURE to read. I stuck through it because I paid $12.99 and was not going to click "remove from device". Amy Dunn disappears on the day of her 5th wedding anniversary. Now a lot of uncovered evidence says her husband, Nick, is somehow involved. It takes forever and there was no body discovered. I think both Nick and Amy were idiots and the premise of the journal was awful. When we find out about the journal and the purpose it even pissed me off that is was phony. Did he kill her? Was she kidnapped? What happened to Amy? One thing is clear, Nick and Amy's marriage wasn't as perfect as everybody thought.The first part of the novel is all about the investigation into Amy's disappearance, slow unraveling of Nick's dirty secrets, reminiscing about the troubled history of Nick and Amy's marriage as told in Amy's journal. I strained and strained my brain trying to understand why she went to these lengths instead of just leaving him and the same for him. The wedding clue thing was just so out there I don't see that realistic anywhere with anyone.I wish it didn't take a lot of patience to finish and shake my finger at the reviews.
Oh holy cow! I am so not a suspense novel person, I don't like to be scared and I cover my eyes in movies all the time. Something about this book intrigued me and I loved every minute of it. Nick as a character gave me all I ever need in a book, I loved and hated him, I sympathized with him and wanted to strangle him. the only flaw I found in his part of the book was his sister. her character felt flat as a pancake to me. I would have liked to see a male friend by his side through this story!As we learned about the life of Amy I spent time imagining how I'd handle life in her shoes, would I make the same choices? what in her life lead her to be this way? One of the most profound pieces I took from this is a bit of fear of sharing my kids and their lives online. I mean Amy's parents were Authors who wrote a series of kids books about her life...It may have just cautioned me a bit!!If you pick up any kind of a suspenseful book this year, make sure it is Gone Girl!
This began engagingly.  There was a man with a dilemma, a mystery.  But I quickly figured it out.  Then the plot spiraled into something preposterous.  I prefer my characters to be both flawed and good.  I prefer my plots to seem reasonable, sensible, possible.  This was a hot mess.
This may be the scariest book I've read in years.  Told in alternating chapters from husband's and wife's points of views, it is a story of a marriage gone bad ... and from bad to worse, then even worser.  Neither character is all that likeable, both are entirely believable, the plot twists are not in the least bit contrived, and you get sucked in deeper with every twist. And the twists get twistier and twistier.  This is a sneaky piece of work, perfectly-written and worth every minute spent with it.
Gillian Flynn creates a fast-paced, enthralling read - part whodunit, part psychological horror - that thrills with movie-ready plot development. Though the writing isn't the best of the best, Flynn's descriptive language has a few real winning moments like the following:"So you suffer through the night with the perfect-on-paper man - the stutter of jokes misunderstood, the witty remarks lobbed and missed. Or maybe he understands that you've made a witty remark but, unsure of what to do with it, he holds it in his hand like some bit of conversational phlegm he will wipe away later.""Ironic people always dissolve when confronted with earnestness, it's their kryptonite.""[T]hat baggy, exhausted, disappointed look that people get in middle age.""My thank-yous always come out rather labored. I often don't give them at all. People do what they're supposed to do and then wait for you to pile on the appreciation - they're like frozen-yogurt employees who put out cups for tips."
The owner of our local indie book store recommended this for me and I LOVED it. Everytime I thought I knew and understood a character, the author slipped in something new that turned everything upside down. Wow!! I went through liking, hating, feeling sorry for...basically all emotions with each character. While the end was wonderfully surprising, I wasn't shocked. I've seen similar in real life.And that's all I'm going to give you. No need for me to ruin the experience for you by giving any details.
Last year, this seemed to be the book everyone was loving. I'm a bit late to the party, only because I tend to mistrust hype. Was the hype justified? Yes and no. After reading this, I can see why people love it so much-- it IS good-- but I think it's a tad overrated.It's very &#34;genre&#34; writing, which surprised me, because people I know who look down their noses at anything in mass market paperback were all about this book. And honestly, what I'd say about Gone Girl is this: it's a genre novel, by an author who's good at writing genre novels. For me it does not transcend. You shall get a cracking good story, though, of the crime persuasion.
This was a great book.  I couldn't put it down.  Amazing writing.  There was quite a bit of bad language but it fit the character's personalities.  This book will keep you guessing until the very end.  The ending makes you wonder?????  Would love for Gillian Flynn to write &#34;Gone Girl  Again&#34;!
Suspenseful. Intrigue is sustained. Does not end  as a typical 'who dun it' would. A quick read. Some of the characteristics of individuals are consistently irritatinig, however, I assume that is part of the plot. The evilness that seeps inbetween the lines is well done!
This is the first book I can say I have truly devoured in a very long time. I could not/would not put it down. Without giving too much away, it was great to read a book without a true protagonist or antagonist. If you like a story with twists and turns and leaves you wanting more, I highly recommend.  Many have been disappointed in the ending. The ending leaves the reader room to draw his/her own conclusion OR leaves opportunity for a sequel/series. I highly recommend this book.
Ok read a bit of a stretch that someone could be so nave and gullibleThe wife was something else
All through out this book you hate the husband. He is cheating, abusive, lying, and just general s***** human being. Then you realize that its made up. You get confused, "who is the real bad guy here?" In the end you feel sorry for him.
I actually don't agree that the ending was a disappointment.  I believe it was perfect.  Out of the thousands of books I have read, this is a rare gem I will remember details about.  I loved the story.
It is very hard to write a review of this book without giving any spoilers. Having read some of the reviews, I should say that you should only read this book if you like non-traditional suspense stories with rich characterization. You might also like this story if you have been intrigued by, again, DARK, stories about relationships and marriage. If you are someone who does not like a dark story, who gets prissy if there is profanity a novel, and can only invest in a story if you like the main characters, this is not for you. This is a page-turner, and in my case, a compelling listen, keeping me exercising in hot weather just so I could hear what would happen next. The narrators in the audio version, particularly Julia Whelan, are spectacular. The most wickedly entertaining book I've encountered in years.
Wow - I loved the structure of this book. I'm sure all the readers have a feeling that the diary entries aren't exactly accurate. But the extent of it is amazing.Is this a page-turner? Absolutely.Does it have interesting characters? You BetchaDoes it have unlikeable characters that feel real? Oh yeaMy one gripe with the book and it isn't really a grip just me being me. Lie Detector test. Yes, sometimes these aren't admissible. But they are a tool law enforcement uses and the lack of it in the book seemed strange.I enjoyed this author so much I've already started reading another of her books.
This book kept coming up on my recommended list and so I finally gave it a go...I was hooked from start to finish. I thought I had it all figured out about a quarter of the way through the book and then it completely threw me.All of the characters are completely unlikeable but you become addicted to them nevertheless.A well thought out book - perhaps unrealistic in many senses but it keeps you turning the pages.The ending was a let down for me, but when I really thought about it I did not want either of them to end up happy so it was apt in some ways.
Unless you're the type of person whose opinion of a book is based solely upon how it ends, Gillian Flynn's &#34;Gone Girl&#34; is a worthy read. The book grabbed me from the beginning and kept me engaged throughout. Having read the reviews, I knew there were extreme opinions about the ending, but I wanted to see for myself. I was really hoping that it wasn't going to be as bad as some said. Unfortunately, it was. It wasn't shocking, just disappointing and not worthy of the rest of the book. It's almost like someone took over for Ms. Flynn (someone completely lacking her imagination) and finished the book for her. Even so, now that the book is over, the characters are with me as I imagine how it all could've ended differently..
This book was refreshing in the sense that it &#34;got me&#34;. It's been a long time since I have read a book in which I didn't immediately know the plot twist just from the way it was written in the beginning. That being said, once it (the plot twist- trying to avoid spoilers) became clear the book was almost too predictable and I feel like the ending was rushed and poorly thought out. Great read though!
I've now read this, Sharp Objects, and Dark Places. I can't pick a fave, as they're all great reads. I may even reread them. :-)
I read this on my Kindle. After all the hype, and several friends' recommendations, I was just expecting more. I liked it, but wasn't wowed. I really didn't like any of the characters, and when that happens it's always sort of a struggle.
I wish there was a way for me to reach inside myself and paste onto this post the actual emotions I felt while reading this book. There is no doubt in my mind that this is one of the most thrilling books I have read all year. This review will be solely my feelings on this book, to write any type of synopsis-based review will have me spoiling the whole thing, guaranteed.I first heard about Gillian Flynn through ChapterStackss on Youtube, and was instantly intrigued by her admiration for the author and her work-I had to pick one of her books up. I had decided to read them in chronological order, but ended up getting my hands on Gone Girl first.Best.move.ever.Not that I'm doubting the greatness of her other works, I'm just ridiculously happy that I decided to read something by her, period. This book was outstanding, and written with tremendous thought and detail. I was in pieces with awe after each new development unfolded. This book had me speaking out loud the entire time-I kept saying "HA! How is she going to explain THAT one!"..and then she did, perfectly. I'll admit it: I tried, and failed miserably, to find holes in the plot, I really did-but Ms.Flynn had her detail down to an art, an absolute art.And those characters..my goodness. They were the type of characters that you just knew you should despise, loathe, want to condemn. But she knew it, Gillian knew we would do no such thing. The cleverness and the wit of them. The naivety and pathetic charm. I was instantly hooked, and I didn't want it to end.The conclusion of this book was the real mind blaster. I felt like I was reading the last few chapters while submerged underwater. I didn't want to believe what was happening, but it was happening, and I could either accept it for what it was, or give this book a horrible rating for it. I chose the former, for the simple reason that it was genius. Pure, horrible, insane, wonderful, intellectual, psychological..genius. I sat there, and once again spoke out loud to myself. This time with.."What..did I just read?..I don't know if I can pick up Gillian's other 2 books fast enough. But I must, and I will. Bravo..just..BRAVO Gillian Flynn.
I am almost always able to know the twists and turns of this type of book but I was surprised at every turn.
It's well written I'll give that.  But just not my favorite type of story so can't highly rate it however I believe Gillian Flynn did good depicting the story and I definitely enjoyed that.
Great read, great & complex mystery. Loved the character development. Most enjoyable & original. And the story includes many of the real aspects of &#34;working at the marriage&#34; & does so in so in a matter that is thought provoking.
Kept me guessing till the very end! Excellently written and a fascinating story line. I highly recommend this great book!
Okay, here is the thing.  I like dark and twisted stories.  The twisted plotlines and authentically scarred characters  pull me and I am hooked.  Gillian Flynn wrote such a story line very well in Sharp Objects.  That is story is messed up but beautiful all the same.  Donna Tartt and Tana French are other authors that know how to write about those dark places in the human soul.  But it isn't just darkness in these stories that I love, there is also intensely developed characters and character driven plot lines but the presence of a very smart and impressive plot as well. Gone Girl was on my list of books to by for close to a year before it was released.  There are very few authors who can do this genre well.Gone Girl in the end is a decent read.  It is completely unpredictable, it is dark and the characters are twisted.  The story is told from the alternating point of view of a wife and husband.  The story pulls you in and you think that you know what is happening, you think you know the characters and then BAM.  Seriously BAM.  I don't want to write more about the surprises and plot twists because it will rob readers of the experience.  I thought the twists were amazing and well done.  Though admittedly, I was mad at the first major plot surprise.  I had to put the book (okay my kindle) down and walk away from the story for a short period of time.  But in the end I realized that Flynn was brilliant.  She made me buy in completely to a certain idea of what the couple and the story was about.Issues of gender and economics are themes that Flynn touched on in Sharp Objects and she does that in Gone Girl as well.  The main characters are without jobs, frustrated by the economy and have moved to a small dying midwest town.  Concepts of what make a woman appealing and what is expected from a woman are consistently but subtly danced around in both Sharp Objects and Gone Girl.  Family ties and relationships are unwound and what remains is not all that pretty.In the end, though, the characters were too far down the unlikable path for my taste.  They were not redeemable.  I like my characters flawed and hurting, thank you very much.  But to have nobody in the story be someone I can attach to?  To have only the side characters be the sympathetic ones?  That is a challenge for me.  There are certain scenes and phrases that one of the characters will say when he/she is mad (trying to be vague here ....) to describe other characters.  I felt it was just too shocking, that Flynn's goal may have been to push the boundaries and make readers uncomfortable just because rather than contributing to the storyline.  Now vulgar doesn't usually bother me and it really didn't bother me here, I just thought it was too much.So if you like dark, you like twisted and you enjoyed Flynn's other books then I suggest you read this.  Flynn's works tend to be shorter than Tana French's and Donna Tartt's.  They are definitely less involved and the characters, while rich in description, are not as complexly written.I'll leave you with an excerpt that will not spoil the story for you, but demonstrate that while this may not be Flynn's best work it is still good and she has an amazing ability to make brilliant observations about human beings in our modern world:"Being the cool girl means I am a hot, briliant, funny woman who adores football, poker, dirty jokes and burping, who plays video games, drinks cheap beer, loves threesomes and ******, and jams hot dogs and hamburgers into her mouth like she's hosting the world's biggest culinary gang bang while somehow maintaining a size 2 ... hot and understanding.  Cool Girls never get angry ...."
I did not like this book.  I purchased it because of the rave reviews and its place on the best seller list.  I had to force myself to finish it because I kept thinking that something would happen to &#34;grab&#34; me--it didn't.
A beautiful woman is snared by a young man who can't believe his good fortune.  She is well off and adores him. What can be better? Both are writers living in New York but they lose their jobs. In addition, the woman's parents become financially bereft and ask their daughter to borrow her money. Poor, they use the last of her money to buy a bar in his hometown which is run by her husband and his twin sister.Amy Elliott Dunne has another side to her personality that Nick Dunne is about to discover as the ideal marriage that he thought he had begins to fall apart. When Amy disappears Nick is believed to be the cause of her disappearance.Did he murder his beloved wife? Nick knows he didn't but all signs point to that conclusion. The police believe he is responsible for her absence. Her parents, who stand by him in the beginning, arrive at the same belief. The public and the media are likewise convinced.  He wonders if even his twin sister believes it as well. Before the reader discovers the truth, the reader becomes wrapped up in endless detail.This is a thriller that does keep one turning the pages but it roars to a pallid conclusion. I liked it but thought that someone should have spent more time editing as details are presented again and again.  I know many others will like this read but I was disappointed.
I was looking forward to reading this book because so many people have loved it.  I was not disappointed for the most part!  The twists and turns in the books were great and ones that I didn't see coming.  My only hang up on this book was for the hype that it does have I didn't understand why the ending wasn't more.  It felt almost unfinished but in a way it sort of worked.  This is a quick read though as you are always wanting to know what will happen in the next chapter and if he did kill his wife!This is a great crime novel that I could see becoming a good movie at some point because of the hype it does rightfully have.  Even if you aren't into that crime who-done-it sort of novel it also has a thriller element that you might enjoy.
The descriltion made the book sound fast paced and exciting and it was anything but,i thought it was really stupid and i cannot understand why it is on the best books list,Amazon i cannot trust u!
The beginning and the end of the novel are two very different stories. I read this in about ten minutes...a very addictive book!
This book was freaky! I am not sure that I liked the ending? But can't imagine another way to end it-  a good read. Can't wait for our book club to hear what the others think.
This book had me guessing all the time. I really enjoyed it. Some a bit unrealistic, but in a good way. It is a great book for a book club. Cant wait to talk about it.
My mom, SIL and I all read this on our recent vacation. Captivating story. You couldn't wait to find out where the story would go next. It was a fast read. Only took me 2 days and SIL a mere 24 hours. I found the characters really interesting and had clear pictures of what they might look like. I couldn't believe the twists and turns in the story. Just when you thought you had it all figured out, a monkey wrench inserted itself. I ended up hating the two main characters in the end. She was a truly psycho b****. He turned out to be the ultimate whimp. When it was over, I turned to my SIL and said SERIOUSLY??? What an ending...
Contrived, redundant, no depth in any of the main characters.  Started this book a year ago and put it down.  picked it up again because all my nieces raved about it.  I was very disappointed and will read no more Gillian Flynn
Gone Girl is AMAZING! I could not put down this thriller. The story kept my interest and suspense with plenty of twists and turns, all along with a great storyline. I really enjoyed each chapter alternating between Nick's perspective and Amy's - it even added to the suspense. This is a must read!
It was a really good read that I could not put down. I think a lot of people get stuck in marriages in similar but not such extreme ways.
The synopsis of the book sounded really interesting so I bought it and the whole book was great until I got to the end. It was like they didn't know how to end the story. I hate it when that happens!
I'm an avid reader.  I wanted to read this book. The story was great.  The characters were so unpleasant, however, that I just didn't care what happened to them.  I normally am sad when I finish a book like this. I want to know where everyone is a year later.  This time, not so much.
I couldn't finish this book.  It was too cruel, too mean-spirited, and there wasn't a character in it who was even remotely likeable.  I love reading, and I felt I would be better served using the time it would take me to finish this book by reading a better one.
After reading this novel, I was almost "gone".  The story seemed endless and as the plot was unfolding it became interesting and at the same time totally unrealistic.  The ending was totally absurd.
I gave this book 5 stars because it really hooked me and reeled me in completely--and not many books can do that.  After reading the good reviews, I bought it on impulse late one night and started it with high hopes.  Each chapter is told by either the husband Nick or his wife Amy.  To say that their marriage is in deep trouble is to state the obvious from the synopsis; their marriage is a competition to see which one can "win" and how happy they can be--every minute of every day. Therefore, at the beginning, their marriage is happy as long as each of them sustains the "honeymoon,"---doing all of the things that please the other.  It begins to deteriorate when each of them cannot sustain the "happy" act and adjust to the reality of marriage. In Nick's chapters, I root for Nick and in Amy's chapters, I root for Amy. I find that I am completely drawn in to each character--superb character development--I'm actually experiencing what each character is experiencing.UNTIL--UNTIL--UNTIL--Amy suddenly throws down all pretenses and reveals herself to be a character quite different from what I have assumed.  She is evil incarnate--a psycho--and her husband has to figure out how to beat her at her own game.  At that point, all of my sympathies change over to Nick, and I actually start to feel a little sorry for Amy as she is lured into his trap.  THEN--Amy pulls a shocker of her own and "one-ups" her husband.  By this point,I've found that I can't put the book down,(I am still immersed in each character).  Now I can't wait to see justice served-- so I wait--and wait--and wait--and wait---! I was surprised, shocked, and DISAPPOINTED at the ending (very disappointed in Nick's decision, but what other decision could he make?)  I thought to myself--I've stayed up, read every free minute, and lost sleep--for this ending??!  In retrospect, Gillian Flynn probably planned this reaction all along--it certainly reiterates the question:  HOW WELL DO YOU KNOW YOUR SPOUSE--OR ANYONE????I recommend this book if you want to get involved emotionally and feel completely drained at the end!!!---OK, a footnote about the language in the book. Although I am not a prude, I was offended by the amount of slutty language and choice of expletives. Yes, I made the choice to continue reading it, and yes, I gave it a great review, but I want others to be forewarned. This in no way, however, negates my positive review of a well-written thriller.
Reading Gillian Flynn's "Gone, Girl" is juicy the way reading a Patricia Highsmith crime novel is juicy.Both writers let the guilty parties run away with all the best lines and pull off all the most outrageously ingenious and fiendish acts of retribution or malice. Both women have written exceptional cautionary tales about never, ever giving slight (perceived or real).Nick and Amy Dunne have moved back to Nick's Mississippi River hometown of North Carthage, Mo., to care for his parents who are in ill health. Amy and Nick had successful writing careers in New York until the economy tanked and they both lost their jobs, which represented their only real tether to New York and their Manhattan lifestyle.It's their fifth wedding anniversary and Amy is humming the theme song from (M*A*S*H) - which in itself should tell you something - and cooking up a special breakfast of crepes for her husband. And that's the last we'll see of Amy until, well, read the book and find out.When later that day a neighbor calls Nick in the bar he runs with his twin sister "Go" (Margo) and says Nick's front door is open and banging, Nick check things out and finds the house ransacked and his wife nowhere in sight; and the longer Amy is missing the more suspicion focuses on the husband, the way it usually does when the tabloids get their teeth into a story.The first half of the thriller "Boy Loses Girl," with Nick narrating and Amy recounting her life with Nick in her diary is the better part. It's more tightly wound than the second half when the novel sometimes feels as if it's devolving into a three-part Sunday night HBO series that could have been titled "Life on the Mississippi."Throughout, Flynn fills the pages with characters that jump off the page. She's a good storyteller.She's even better at characterization.  For example, meet Tyler. He's a kid and a rookie police officer who appears first sitting around Go's kitchen table. He says exactly one word. Yet in one short exchange Tyler comes alive and gets to be made memorable:" "This is Tyler," she said. "He grew up in Tennessee, he has a horse named Custard--""Custer," Tyler said."Custer, and he's allergic to peanuts. Not the horse, but Tyler. Oh, and he has a torn labrum, which is the same injury baseball pitchers get, but he's not sure how he got it."Tyler tried to give me a tough look, ended up watching his well-shined shoes." "As we learn more and more about both Nick and Amy and get to know them better, each becomes less and less reliable a narrator and in their actions, less and less sympathetic and yet all the while more intriguing for all their wit and guile.Amy appears to be the smartest of the pair and Nick says he always had the feeling that whenever Amy was about to do something clever, "something bad was about to happen." But with every turn of the screw we learn more and more about true character and the true nature of deceit.Until the very end and the ultimate reversal, it's up for grabs who of the pair, Nick or Amy - or maybe someone else entirely - should take the prize for being the most malicious. "Gone, Girl," is Gillian Flynn at her most dexterous and most diabolically clever.[4.5 stars for the deceit]
I have not finished the book but am very pleased with it up to the pointi have read.  It is interesting.
This is the weirdest book!  I don't understand the ending and I suggest people do not to bother to waste their time and read this stupid story.
Good storyline.  Really kept me guessing to the end.  Was a recommended book and that person was right!!! I am definitely going to read another of her books.
I disliked this novel intensely.  There was no redeeming aspect to it.  The author continually led me down to a dead end or to an abrupt change in narrative and in actions taken by characters.  Nick and Amy were not consistently portrayed.  She had what is called a Borderline personality......narcnn
Gone Girl is seriously fun reading.  Clever and inventive to a startling degree, the twists really keep you guessing.  This is a very talented writer.  The problems, for me, are two.  First, there really is no one very likable in the story, and the two main characters are just different degrees of flawed.  Next, you really have to push your plausibility meter.  I suppose there really are brilliant but damaged people out there capable of the kind of patient plotting presented here, but to enjoy the story, you might have to make the conscious decision to suspend your common sense.  I see that some reviewers had trouble with the ending, but I loved it.  It made me laugh out loud, wondering how Amazing Amy might choose to deal with the breach of their agreed-upon roles.
This book kept my interest, even kept me reading past bedtime a number of nights.  Although I kept guessing how it would end, I never got it whole.  Interesting characters, likable in spite of their glaring faults.  I enjoyed it enough to try another by Gillian Flynn.  As a former English major and inveterate reader, I rate this book almost on a par with some of my favorites by Anne Rivers Siddons and Ann Tyler.
This is single handedly the best book I've read in years. I actually took my time reading it, but it was difficult due to it being so enthralling. Twists and turns and SUSPENSE. I know the movie won't quite compare but I'm actually looking forward to it, just to jump back into this world a bit.
I started "Gone Girl" with great hopes.  The initial chapters were compelling.  A unique voice was being heard.  And then it all went so wrong.  How did that happen?  The promise of this novel was profound.  The initial execution of the premise, an explication of a marriage in dissolution via the two involved voices, was brilliant.  Nonetheless, by the time I was into the third section, the voices had become tiresome, the narrative energy wholly dissipated.  I sensed that the author encountered a major block towards the end of the novel.  The open-ended ending, while reminding one of some of the great experimental novels of the 50s and 60s, was possessed with none of the power of those novels.  In "Gone Girl," the world ends with less than a whimper.
What a fantastic novel.  I was keep on suspense throughout the whole book and would recommend this to anyone who loves to read!  One of my all time favorite reads.
Gillian Flynn is definitely a talented writer.  She has woven together a tight web of details throughout this book and I applaud her efforts in putting this all together!!!!!  I wasn't sure that I would like the dialogue going back and forth from the male and female character every other chapter but in the end I appreciated knowing what they were both thinking simultaneously.  It certainly made for an interesting read and made me pay attention to many of the details that one would think to be small.  I do believe that readers figure this out sooner than later.  When you do reach the climax in this book you are ready for it but I was a tad bit disappointed in the ending.  Without giving it away, I basically said out loud - &#34;You've got to be kidding me!!!&#34;  I am considering some of her other books because of her style of writing but with respect to this particular book, it was really good.
It's been so long since I've read a book so intriguing and mesmerizing. I will read this a thousand times over, and never be sick of it. This book keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time with the countless twists, turns, and revelations. The characters are so well developed and real. Getting inside their minds is an amazing aspect of this story. Highly recommend!!!
I loved this book! But don't spoil anything by reading reviews and learning too much. I didn't know anything about it and just started reading. I will just say there are plenty of twists and turns!! It is very entertaining and I truly couldn't put it down. Definitely a good read!
Okay, so I just finished this and I'm totally exhausted. Up and down and up and down and in a hole and on a mountain and on and on and on - and I loved the ride. It twisted, it turned, it leaped and crashed. From one emotion to the next, belief to disbelief and back again. I started reading again at 8 or so this morning (about half of the story yet to read) and read til I was done at noon, stopping only to answer 2 very poorly timed phone calls and take a couple of bathroom breaks.Flynn has me baffled. I'm a bit concerned for her as I would be for any mind that could come up with these people. It was very compelling. I had a need to know. This is my second Gillian Flynn. I read Dark Places just a short time ago and found it a bit disappointing in the end. Not this time. I loved it! A mindf---k of monumental proportions.Sharp Objects is being held at the library for me. It won't wait long.
Well written & one of the most disturbing books I have read in a very long time. I could not put the book down, but I didn't like any of the characters. The ending was unexpected & equally as disturbing.This is one of those rare stories that I don't stop thinking about & it makes one ponder, &#34;do we really ever know another person?&#34;
I can't even begin to wrap my mind around this book. What a beautifully, dark and twisted story.  Took me on a journey I truly was not expecting.  Perfection.
Not a fan of the back and forth alternating chapters, but that is the only way this book could be written - and read.  What a web of deceipt and planning existed in this book!  Language not the best at times, but otherwise a psychological thriller.
I loved this book.  It was engaging from the beginning.  As I went through it - I thought I knew how it would end and then revised my idea of how it would end (twice) and loved it all the way through.  I don't usually spend this much on a book - but this was worth it!Gone Girl: A Novel
This one's a real page-turner! If you're looking for a mystery that smartly written and keeps you guessing, this book is for you.
So I listened to the first half as a book on tape and then when my road trip was over I bought the book and finished it in a day. What a messed up book that sucked me in and spit me out! This book consumed my thoughts and I couldn't wait to pick it back up. There were many times that I thought I had the mystery solved come to find out I was SO wrong! I must say I was relieved when it was over as I was tired of it consuming my thoughts with its crazy ways! I still highly recommend it if you have a couple days to spare as you get sucked into the vortex!
description:On a warm summer morning in North Carthage, Missouri, it is Nick and Amy Dunne's fifth wedding anniversary. Presents are being wrapped and reservations are being made when Nick's clever and beautiful wife disappears from their rented McMansion on the Mississippi River. Husband-of-the-Year Nick isn't doing himself any favors with cringe-worthy daydreams about the slope and shape of his wife's head, but passages from Amy's diary reveal the alpha-girl perfectionist could have put anyone dangerously on edge. Under mounting pressure from the police and the media--as well as Amy's fiercely doting parents--the town golden boy parades an endless series of lies, deceits, and inappropriate behavior. Nick is oddly evasive, and he's definitely bitter--but is he really a killer?As the cops close in, every couple in town is soon wondering how well they know the one that they love. With his twin sister, Margo, at his side, Nick stands by his innocence. Trouble is, if Nick didn't do it, where is that beautiful wife? And what was in that silvery gift box hidden in the back of her bedroom closet?But wow the book turns and twists and you cant put this book down.  You think Nick did it then she opens you up to the psyche of Amazing Amy as they call her....The best friend says he did it but others that knew Amy when in high school says she way out there and she can make you think you've lost your mind.  The book takes you through all the questioning of Nick and his bad habbits are not helping him look innocent.  He was basically ready to divorce Amy anyway or kill her himself before she went missing anyway but now he sure doesnt want to go to jail for something he didnt do or did he do it?  I also really like his sister Margo or Go they called her she was behind him most of the time and even she had doubts maybe he did do it.Get the book you will love it! I gave it 4.5 stars.
Amazing - loved it. It was thrilling to read keeping the reader in suspense from the first page to the last
In one word "Brilliant". I was looking for a unputdownable book and read about it on the Amazon list. What a find. Beautifully constructed plot and characters. Love to hate them and in the end don't know who to sympathise with! Keeps you guessing (though I guessed a bit:)) Lyrical at times especially its take on soulmates and single child. And what a take on marriage! A great book for any thriller buff. Actually a must try for anyone. Read it in a day flat. That good. Though the end could have been shorter. Dragged a bit.
While this is a novel, I would expect some realism.  This situation was preposterious....the story was manipulative.  I komw there are tons of glowing reviews, but not from me....Sorry, I'm not a fan
Let me just say up front that I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I say this even though at times I was asking myself, "Do I like any of these characters?" Well, I liked the female detective, Boney. I thought I liked Amy, until I didn't. Ditto, Nick. But despite my uncertainty, or maybe because of it, I couldn't put the book down. Gillian Flynn is a remarkable writer. She is adept at plot, pace, character development (a master here), narrative, and dialogue. I was particularly impressed with her ability to switch from the narrative as told by Amy, to the narrative as told by Nick. This was a real 'wow' factor in the book for me. I write. I know how hard this is. Let me be clear, this isn't great literature. It's great story-telling; funny, chilling, edge-of-the-seat engrossing, and all-together very satisfying. Highly recommended for your cabin in the woods vacation reading.
It is what it is - this year's big beach book for readers who are sick of the Gishams and Pattersons, readers who want a thriller with "ideas."It's a fast, fun read, with vivid characters, although the upper-crust crowd seemed a little stagey to me; the "trashy" characters felt more real.There is a definate retro vibe to the storytelling, maybe because it is completely psychological - no blood or gore, here - maybe because it reminded me of Ira Levin's better thrillers, Rosemary's Baby or The Stepford Wives. The tone here is adamantly post-feminist, but the basic questions echo. What is my role? and Why does it feel so fake?To this, Flynn cannily adds: How can I trust you if I can't trust myself?Ultimately, I wanted less soap and more murders, but I enjoyed it
A lot of opinions about this book. Why? It epically fails the 40 page rule. Dreadful self-absorbed cardboard 'characters'(that's being very charitable) described very woodenly- with not a whiff of charm or style (or discernible skill). Good god people have a lot of time on their hands to wallow through this muck. How do you stay wake? The beginning was appalling- offering absolutely no incentive  to recommend continuing. Who could get to the supposedly dreadful end? Life is much too short.We are trapped in an era of ineptly produced fiction that, like reality television and 'vampire' movies/tv shows and America's Got Talent! and Katy Perry, that carries the implicit message-you're doing just fine. yes you're totally miserable but look-you're not nearly as bad off as these geeks. And that's what they want you to think. They're just amazed it was that easy to lull everyone to sleep.If you don't demand better quality you'll never see/read/hear it. Toodles!
I was all set to give this book 5 stars. Expertly written, kept you on the edge - and then, the ending. As a writer and author, I know how difficult it is to put a good story to words. Gillian Flynn has done that but the suspense, the intrigue and then a horrible ending. It almost seems the author just ran out of gas towards the end and, well, just ended it. A major disappointment for this reader.
The advantage of being sick is when Tv makes you crazy reading still offers up a snuggled safe escape. This book ties your stomach in knots.
A man, Nick, finds one day that his wife Amy has disappeared and he is soon suspected of murdering her.  This book is a subtle thriller that explores what can go wrong when two people who have been conditioned to pretend their whole lives try to make a life together.  When someone wears a mask for too long, there's a risk they'll become the mask.  While there might be an occasional flaw in this diamond, such as Nick's first person narrator sometimes holding back from the reader things he would be thinking, these don't diminish the power of this work.
I liked the many twists and turns to the story.  You are never really sure which character is the most evil until it all unfolds at the end.  Well Done!
A well thought out, AMAZING story. A little speechless at the moment. Wishing the ending was different but I need to ponder the last few chapters. I feel like I've known women like Amy!
The book was a lot of fun to read but I hated the ending. Its the problem with a lot of books but this one takes the cake.
I was disappointed in this Novel by Ms. Flynn.I thought the story was too fragmented.The plot was too slow to develop and the writing style did not hold my interest.Thank you
We get right into the action when Amy Dunne disappears from her Carthage, MO home on her 5th wedding anniversary.  The suspicious circumstances of her disappearance lead the police to believe that she's been forcibly abducted or, even worse, murdered by her husband, Nick.  It's all a terrible surprise to Nick who professes his innocence to the police, his twin sister, Margo, and Amy's parents.  But Nick's not entirely blameless because he's been carrying on a yearlong affair with a much younger woman, a student at the college where he teaches.The plot carefully unfolds, showing that Amy is alive and fabricated her own little drama to punish Nick for all his real and imagined transgressions.  It all goes awry when Amy's money is stolen and she's forced to seek shelter with an old flame in St. Louis who hides her in his well-appointed lake house.  Amy soon finds that she's a prisoner and has to dispose of her romantic jailer in order to complete her fiendish plan and return to Nick in Carthage.Ms. Flynn has done a great job in writing this fascinating tale.  It's definitely a "page turner" because surprises pop up in each chapter.  Unfortunately for me, I was not able to find a single character in the book that I liked and could root for.  The other problem I had was the ending.  It didn't ring true that a man would want to stay married to the devil incarnate just because she made herself pregnant (without knowledge or enjoyment on his part) and now carries his son.  I certainly wouldn't.  I'd want to get the hell away from her as fast as possible.
Although the book seems to be very popular I could not get that interested in the plot and it did not hold my interest.  Our book club had mixed feeling about the book and it was just not as good as advertised.
This was a directive: "Read Gone Girl." OK. The pitch blurb did nothing to inform me that I would be able to finish it and enjoy it. Only the reading did that. It took me three days, but if my schedule had been clear it would have been a very sleepy 20 hour marathon.What initially set the hook for me was the quality of the two voice writing, revealed in the first tow chapters. Especially the voice of the husband. It meant a lot to me, reading the acknowledgements, how much research and Q&A; were involved in creating such a convincing bit of male-ness. Speaking as both a man and a writer, I know real when I read it. The reason: it unhinges me slightly. The unhinged feeling is always a tip-off that the author has succeeded in writing honestly. So, my hats are off to Ms. Flynn on that level and many more.She also managed to keep me connected with a First-Person point of view story. That POV is one I rarely choose to read because it makes me nervous. Understanding that, I know exactly why she decided to write it that way. It can be as annoying as her characters were, so it worked perfectly. At least for me.  Like the character Nick, I wasn't about to let her get away with anything, so I stuck it out, feeling completely manipulated and man-handled the entire trip through the pages. Good for the author!I won't reveal any spoilers here, only that the story unfolded to the only logical conclusion it could have, short of a step into a train or fast moving bus. Thankfully, the author stooped in neither direction. The fact that she leaves me feeling that way is just one more example of the real genius in her writing. I learned a great deal on my way through the book, mostly about how people reveal what they can or what they want to, even in a marriage. Especially in a marriage.So, I can safely say that I may or may not recommend this brilliantly written book to anyone who wants to read it. It depends...
I really liked this book, but I can't say I loved it. Parts of it were compelling, really a page turner, and other times, like the first 1/3 it was a bit slow. The ending felt a little abrupt. I don't think it quite deserves all of the hype it got, but I did enjoy the back and forth, the way both characters are shades of gray. I really enjoyed this book, but it falls just a bit short of something really special. A great read, lots of fun, keeps you guessing, but a little anticlimactic. I will definitely pick up her other books, and I think she may be destined for greatness. Obviously a lot of people loved this book, it won a lot of awards, was nominated a lot. Great voice, somebody to keep an eye on for sure.
Big, big disappointment are the only words I can find to describe the experience of finally being able to read Gone Girl. The first third of the book was really bad. I had to force myself through it. And now I understand why I keep running into people who say they simply gave up shortly after beginning and moved on to another read. The middle third was better, but the last third was another let down repeatedly putting me to sleep as I forced myself to finish. Based on my experience,  I totally understand the 2000 1 and 2 star Amazon ratings and strongly suggest if you don't like it after the first 50-100 pages give up and move along to something else because it doesn't really get any better.
This was my first, and thoroughly enjoyable experience reading a book by Gillian Flynn.  The characters are unique, interesting and deadly.  The plot evolves with twists and turns that the reader could never guess.  This is a truly great book that is hard to escape once you are sucked into its vortex.
This book was horrible. The first couple of chapters were o , but then it went down hill fast, and I do mean fast.  It simple got less and less believable  and the ending had to be almost the worst I ever read in a book.  The ending  was not  plausible  in any way, shape or manner. I will not see the movie and I will not read another book  by this writer even if I was stranded on an island.
I enjoyed the unpredictability of the plot and the story.  It was a good twist on a very old theme.  I enjoyed reading it.
Flynn keeps you on the edge things change on every page enjoyed the many twists and turns the gone girl take.
From browsing the reviews that other people have left, it seems that this book draws strong reactions&#8212;both positive and negative&#8212;from many readers and reviewers. I think I&#8217;m one of the minority that has found a way to enjoy the book, but I&#8217;m not rushing out to recommend it to everyone I know, nor am I one to vilify the parts of it that I didn&#8217;t like. So, here&#8217;s an attempt at a balanced, no-spoilers review:Right off the bat, I like that the author dives into the central mystery about a wife's mysterious disappearance pretty quickly. Sure, there's a bit of exposition that kind of just sticks out, but I've seen worse. I think this is helped by the author's decision to use alternating first-person points of view from the two main characters to tell the story (the wife's portions are excerpts from her diary). This format also helps sustain the mystery as you try to sort out who is not being entirely truthful.What else did I like? Well, there were a couple plot twists that I was not expecting to happen. I've read some reviews where the reviewers thought the twists were &#34;predictable.&#34; Looking back, I would agree that there were a couple of them that I should have seen coming&#8212;but all of them? No. Whoever says that is just trying to fluff their own ego.What didn't I like? Well, the characters were not people with whom I would ever spend an afternoon (you know, if they were real)&#8212;or even a cup of coffee. I think that's something that bothered a lot of people who gave negative reviews; to me, they're missing the fact that for them to dislike/hate the characters that much, there was a decent amount of character development performed by the author.Most people hated or loved the ending. I'm probably one of the few that are ambivalent about it. A few days after reading the book, I thought about it, and decided the book really could not have ended any other way that would have been satisfying to me. That does not mean it's a great ending, just that other potential endings would not have rung true with the characters as I understood them.
I love it when I'm reading, and that thing I thought early on might happen but seemed way too clever and elaborate to actually happen, happens.When I hit that spot in 'Gone Girl' - about halfway in, when the book went from "very good" to "amazing" - I couldn't sit still, I couldn't keep quiet about it, and I couldn't wait to turn the next page. And the next one, and the next one, in a race to the finish.Gillian Flynn starts out strong in 'Gone Girl,' telling the story of a wife who disappears under mysterious circumstances from two perspectives and from two different points in time. It's a confident story, written in an elegant, no-nonsense style and with character voices that feel very real. It helps that both of the narrators of the story are writers, which makes the occasional flourishes of language and description fit right in.And then I got to that point, the point that I had considered early on but thought it too complicated to come to pass - and there it was, the moment that everything I had read so far was called into question.What comes after is no less compelling, but with the added element of doubt becomes addicting. What seemed strong characters at first become complex and multifaceted, with hidden layer after hidden layer, which Flynn peels away steadily and deliberately. Flynn also finishes well, with an ending that is both satisfying and ambiguous, leaving enough open to the reader's interpretation to make the story feel expansive - to make me feel a part of it, a willing participant in a magic trick that had me thoroughly fooled.'Gone Girl' is one of the best books I've read this year, a little piece of dark sorcery that kept me glued to its pages and kept me thinking about it after I was done. It begins well, twists and turns repeatedly, and finishes just as strong.It's rare that a book will keep me under its spell this thoroughly from start to finish. But I love it when it happens.
I have read Gillian Flynn's other two novels and each was amazing in its own way--gripping plot, memorable characters, and clean, tight prose that complements the flow of the story. But with GONE GIRL, she outdoes herself, building a mystery/thriller/dark meditation on love and marriage that was so involving I read all 400+ pages over the course of one weekend. This is the kind of book for which you turn off the phones, block out some time, plan on staying up late because you are simply not going to want to put this book down. Highly, highly recommended!
I decided to read this novel after two people whose opinions I trust recommended it. At first, I didn't know why. I read through Part One with a "meh" frame of mind, then I hit Part Two and was hooked. It was if a switch got flipped, ramping up the stakes, and the interest level. The characters are not particularly likable, it is true -- though I did begin to sympathize with Nick's trapped state. And I didn't feel the ending was a let down. I thought it ended on just the right note of "leaving them wanting more." I will probably find myself speculating on what comes next in odd moments for a long time to come. All I know is that I just bought her previous two books, and that is the best tribute a writer can aspire to. :)
It was really good. Better than I expected. The right amount of twists to keep you interested. While I was either excited or pissed off I does cause an emotional reaction. Only reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5 is the ending is awful and there are unanswered questions.
We read this psychologial thriller for our book club and all our members liked it.  It is a fast read and holds your attention.  It is very disturbing subject matter.  In our book club discussion,  the group leader asked the question:  Do you really think there are people in this world like the two main characters??  The majority of the group did not hesitate to answer yes.  That is disturbing.
Is it just me or is this book genius? I've read Gillian Flynn's two other books and this one had a completely different vibe than them. At first it's a game of loving husband and wife, but as the story unfolds you see a world of lies created. I'll say, it wasn't until about halfway through the book when I started to perk up and really wonder about what was going on, but I think that's the point of the book. Flynn was able to completely take me along for the ride. She really makes you choose teams between husband and wife, and then she reveals bits and pieces little by little. I am just amazed at the complexity of this book and her characters.And for those complaining about the ending (and without spoiling it), in my opinion, it was the only plausible ending I could see, considering all that had happened.So I think overall, this is a great book that keeps you thinking. I've officially turned into a fan of Flynn's and am anxiously awaiting another story from her.
I really enjoyed reading this novel  It's very well thought out.  A woman disappears from her home, and her husband is under suspicion.  The book starts by being alternately told from her diary and his present day perspective.  We learn more about both of them, and it's fun putting their portraits together.  SPOILER ALERT - If you haven't read the book, read no more of this review.  I was really disappointed by the ending.  The woman has masterminded everything, outthought the police and the husband ends up staying with her solely because she's pregnant and he wants to protect the child from her.  I thought for sure that the police would come up with something, some mistake she made and be able to arrest her.
My first reading of this author and I am hooked  I could not put this book down.  It is so well written both from a literary point of view and as  psychological .  The characters and plot capture your attention immediatley .  The plot keeps you wondering what is going to happen next??  I would highly recommend it.
Slow start. But once Amy shows her true colors it moves at a brake neck pace,with many twists and often unexpected turns.  The character development of both Amy  and Nick  and  the story presentation in alternating chapters was well  done. I will read another of her novels.
This wasn't my favorite read, but was differently interesting. Could have moved quicker. I would hesitantly recommend it to my selected friends.
OH MY GAWD! This is a page turner, except I wanted to skip to the end of the book just alleviate the suspense derived from this entertaining plot.Gone Girl is exceptionally written and, brilliantly brought to life by the two characters that intertwine their tale of their failing marriage. Gone girl toils with the readers emotions throughout the story. After finishing the story I am struck with anger and awe in a smart way a book should leave you. Well played Gillian Flynn!
The story had several twists and turns with an unpredictable, surprise ending... The ending totally blew me away -I don't know if I was disappointed or just surprised....
As a mystery book afficiando, I found this to be one of the most perfect works of fiction ever written.  Just when you think you have it figured out, everything changes.........and changes again..........and changes again. I would encourage readers of any type of fiction to give this book a try.  They won't be sorry.
...but I really didn't.what a collection of twists & turns.makes me almost glad I'm not married anymore.Great plot & characters.
This book was so fascinating and entertaining (just don't read it if your questioning your marriage or your partner).  I couldn't put this book down and I'm hoping for a sequel.
glad this is being made into a movie ... one of the most interesting plots I've read!
I absolutely loved this book. There were many unexpected twists that were expertly woven to keep me reading and reading. It was a really good story about a marriage gone very wrong. I recommend it.
Far fetched & doesn't live up to the hype I've seen in so many publications (online & published).  But an entertaining read.
This book is well-written, with good dialogue, and it draws you in. Told in alternating chapters by Nick Dunne and his wife, Amy, it's the story of Amy's disappearance on the couple's fifth wedding anniversary. Flynn deftly introduces details in a gradual fashion, leading the reader toward an apparent conclusion, until a twist appears in the tale. The book is hard to put down, and I kept reading on, waiting to see how the tension was resolved. And...it just wasn't. After I had read the last page on my Kindle, I turned to the next, and was puzzled at first when it turned out to be an author's note or acknowledgement or something. I wondered where the rest of my book was. I went back and reread the last chapter, and realized that was it. It felt almost as if the author was a college student with a term paper to write, and once she reached her required page limit, she decided to stop writing.That said, Gone Girl was still a gripping read, and I'm not sorry I bought it. I just wish the ending had lived up to the promise of the earlier chapters.
Great book!  Loved the way it was written. Full of surprises. Highly recommend to those who enjoy an unexpected thriller.
I purchased this book because it was #1 on the NY best sellers listing and Kindle. It was not written in a style that I am fond of, it switched from Amy telling the story in one chapter and then Nick in the next chapter.  It started out as a good who-done-it, however the plot was revealed to early by Amy, in her telling of the story.  I did not like that Nick was portrayed as such a simpleton, and Amy so devious, and the ending completely turned me off!  Really!! His wife confesses the murder to him, and that she set him up to look like he murdered her! Then she  stays with her because she is pregnant.  He tells us in the book he is not sleeping with her, and so we are to believe he is such a simpleton that he just blindly accepts her word that the baby is his! Could this man be portrayed any weaker?  Also the FBI and cops bought her new version of the story, not likely!!A reasonably sane man or woman would set out to see justice done on this crazy woman! The last thing you would do is to allow her to raise this child,whether it was yours or her accused rapist,Desi, the man we know she framed as her abductor then killed. Knowing she is insane how could you stay in the same house with her?  HUMPH!I don't recommend this book at all!! I was truly disappointed in the ending, which had so many possibilities, but not the one the reader is left with. Of course this is just one woman's opinion, and I giveGone Girl: A Novelno stars!!!
I don't write many reviews, but I just finished this book after being up half the night. I loved it. I don't understand the hundreds of people who said they hated the ending. If Alfred Hitchcock were alive, this would be a great idea for one of his movies.
I absolutely loved this book and all of its twists!  It was dark and disturbing, but in a very entertaining way.  Every time I thought I had it all figured out, something would happen to change my mind.  Fascinating read.
The plot is engrossing and it reads easy.  It is an enjoyable book.  My only drawback is that it is not a true story and I love history.
I read this book for my book club. If not for that, then I probably would have trashed it a few chapters in. I am very particular about finishing books, so that would be unusual for me. There was not one like able character in the entire book and everyone seemed to have psychological issues. I guess it would be possible to pull off such an elaborate sick scenario, but it just doesn't seem likely. This is not an enjoyable read, so if you are feeling down and out, I would definitely move on to something else.
Wow, as usual Flynn writes a good book. This is her third murder/mystery and I'm impressed. I'm not as thrilled as I was with the first 2 but this one is still "a thinker" one of those books you put down and can't actually shake for a few days.There is a large amount of reviews so I will make it short and sweet.If you like mystery, horror, thriller, psychological suspense...you will like this book. If you like fluid quick writing with symbolism and complex characters -- you will like this book.Warning: SPOILERS>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Amy : first half of the book, is completely likable, you are a little annoyed at how easily she puts up with certain things in her relationship but you feel kind of bad for her. You sympathize and relate.Amy's Hubby: he's a cheater with grand dreams and not any success. He like Amy are both very good looking...you want to slap him in the beginning, but as Flynn always does she draws you in. She makes you see things from the characters point of view, you start to like him, start to feel bad for him.Plot: the first half of the book you are wondering "what happened to Amy?" is she dead, who killed her; there is more than one character that makes you go hmmmmmmm?BOOM: second half of the book...Amy is a total psychopath. Everything you thought you knew about Amy isn't true; everything you thought you knew about the people who are suspects in her disappearance isn't true. Everything is turned upside down and on its head. Bravo to the writer on this. Nice twist.Yes...I said spoilers but I still don't want to give too much away, because what's the put of mystery if there isn't one???The one and only thing I didn't like about this book was the end. Not that it wasn't a good ending it was just upsetting. SPOILER..... After all Amy puts her husband thru and those around her, there is no justice, she goes on...just as sick and as evil as ever. Her husband is trapped, like a spider in web. As much as I wanted Amy to pay for her sick twisted behavior. As much as I was annoyed -- I will admit...it's an unsuspected ending and it's creepy. Something else that this writer is good at. The creepy factor. Her books are more psychological horror to me. They always start out like a mystery, but they always take on a horror factor. Unsettling.Great writer...look forward to her other books! Great Vaca or weekend read. Certainly worth the $.
. . . and I was not disappointed. Flynn's writing is so strong. The only thing I could say is that I wanted it to end differently.  But, the twist provided is right in line with the crazy path delivererd through out.
Suspenseful and hard to put down.  Flynn keeps you on the edge of your seat and turning (or flicking) the pages quickly to see what happens!
Wow, about 5 thousand reviews on Amazon; a raging bestseller, one of the 10 top books of the year according to Janet Maslin, and I am about to trash it!Shallowest of shallow characters. The vernacular is of the adolescent/Howard Stern type of vulgarity carried to an extreme length which makes people like me cringe. DoI have to delve into such sexual details that leave nothing to the imagination but throw up an aura of unbridled depravity?The story itself is partly interesting, one thinks of the recent cases of pregnant wives disappearing and it does hold its suspense for some time. The logicality of the twistand double twist (at the end) defy human emotions. I am not giving away the plot, but it's nothing new and has been done better. The supporting cast, in this case the sister, the flamboyantattorney, the parents are given the cursoriest of character traits that are not found outside of the usual trashy literature.Well, it sells. It's selling. I don't have anything against that. I can almost bet, twenty years ago, even ten, most top publishing houses would have not caused this book to see print without some drastic cuts. Lady Chatterly is finally vindicated: although that was sleaze with class.
It had potential, it really did. But once you realize what's really going on, the story gets more and more ridiculous. And the ending..are you kidding me? The whole crazy scenario ends like that? The hype about this book was exaggerated greatly because after the "great reveal of truths", it becomes a joke. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
This book was very twisted. You never knew what would come next. It's full of surprises. Great plot and great characters.
OMG--the twists and turns in this novel! I couldn't put it down. I didn't like the way it ended tho, but it fits the story...
A friend of mine told me about this book, I didn't know much about it but I was surprised by how good it is. It's a kind of book that keep you reading, you don't want to stop until you are done. For people who like unexpected events, this is THE book.
After I was about 20 pages into "Gone Girl," I asked myself why I'd gotten it.  I like an occasional mystery, but it's not my favorite genre (in fact, for many years I shunned them).  And I dislike books about dysfunctional families.  By about page 21, I was hooked, and I finished the book in two days. (I'd have finished it sooner but for my day job and what passes for my life.)I don't know if I'd call "Gone Girl" a "literary thriller," as one Amazon reviewer called it, but it is definitely a thriller and a blazingly good read; it is extremely hard to put down.  And I disagree with the reviewers who disliked the ending; in fact, I think the ending was perfect for a book that kept me guessing on nearly every page.I will say no more, except that this was a great read and one that actually deserves its top spot on best seller lists throughout the land.
I couldn't get into the story, I absolutely hated the characters! I cheated and looked at the end of the story, after about half way through. I very rarely quit a book...
Everything about this book was different. The plot,the writing style,characters were all exciting.  Thanks to Amazon for dropping the price so that I would purchase.
I think I might have met someone that is certifiably insane. Not just a little insane but all the way cuckoo. So crazy that I want to get out of her head right now, rinse myself off, and then down some sort of medication to ease the pain that is building up like a ball of wax.And just when I thought I had everything figured out, I found myself traveling on a different elevator, headed to a different destination, and in the opposite direction. I realized I knew nothing. Possibly even less than nothing. It's like a light switch was suddenly flipped on, and I discovered I was standing in a bedroom when I thought I was standing in the living room, and in my underwear, no less.Without saying too much, I wouldn't read this book if I planned on getting married. Ever. And since I'm already married, I might start sleeping with the nightlight on, even though I've never been a nightlight kind of guy. It's that good. Literally.Gillian Flynn has human psyche nailed to perfection: those dark places that no one ever wants to talk about or visit, those demons that are stuffed in a closet, duct taped from head to toe, and then tied to a chair. It freaked me out, because it felt so real, and was as real as any piece of fiction I've ever read.If you like dark, psychological fiction, then you'll want to snap this book up faster than a piece of Ghirardelli chocolate. Just make sure to leave the lights on while reading.Robert DownsAuthor of Falling Immortality: Casey Holden, Private Investigator
This book started out a bit slow for my taste but picked up about a quarter of the way in and then I couldn't put it down. The half way point, the whole thing turns upside down. Toward the end it started to jump the shark a bit. I'm not fond of the ending but it was definitely a fun ride.
I just finished "Gone Girl".  It's a must read!  Amy is beautiful -  perfect blond hair, incredible blue eyes, great student and successful writer.  She's so perfect her parents wrote a very successful series of Amazing Amy books chronicling her life from preschool through marriage.  Everyone loves Amy.  Then she meets Nick - handsome, successful, amazing Nick.  Their marriage can't be anything but amazing.  But sometimes when you scratch the surface on perfect you find it's anything but...  It's a big book, but it's an amazing ride that kept me up late several nights.
This book kept me reading.  You never know which way it is going. Excellent. Mmmmmmm mmmmmmm mmmmmmmThree more words
great read. totally twisted. expected something more solid at end of book. too vague unless they're looking for a sequel.
You have to really follow the story line and stay with it. This doesnt capture your interest or hold it as it lacks any real depth. I didn't even finish it as it move me too.
It's a rare day I knock down the battery in my I-pad AND i-phone then continue reading the book on the notebook .....because I could not put the thing down!  What a page turner &#128516;
Very interesting presentation of the main characters and their actions and thoughts. It kept me in suspense about what was going to happen. Good insights into inter personal relationships.
Reminds me of Misery by Stephen King. Not a rehash, but a so unbelievable nobody can be that creepy smart psychopathic kind of story.
Entertaining, deviously plotted thriller whipsaws your perspective on the main characters from chapter to chapter until you're thoroughly baffled. It's difficult to discuss this novel without giving away important plot developments, so let it suffice for me to say it's fiendishly engrossing and stylishly written, it turns the genre on end, and its ending is unexpected and highly atypical.
There are so many plot twists and turns that you will feel like you are spinning! Very well written. I would highly recommend this book!
Every time I say the title to this book I think "Go on, girl!" Thus story has more twists and turns than Shenandoah known to man...and leaves you remembering there is someone fir everyone...no matter how crazy!!!!!
Someone once said the purpose of fiction is to evoke an emotional response. If that's true, then this is a great book. I've also heard you can judge a book by how much you think about it after you've finished it. Again, if that's true, then Gone Girl is a great book. On the other hand, if you like to be inspired or encouraged by your literature, I might suggest you avoid this one.They say you sell your novel with the first chapter, and you sell your next novel with the last chapter. Well, I won't be reading any more of Ms. Flynn's books. As well-written as it was (and it really was), I like to put down a novel and feel I've grown. Or at least the characters have. I didn't find that here.
To be quite honest, The purchase of this book was an accident...lol, but when I started reading it I was pleasantly surprised at how good it is. There is however 1 downfall. It jumps around a lot, going back and forth in time. I am one of those people who don't like that but, with this book there is a reason for this madness...lol. I would HIGHLY recommend this book. I am not finished with it yet but , had it not been the holiday season it would have been finished in 2 days....A super read.
If you read books to study the human condition, than this book is worthy of a PH.D in what it means to be human.  Never before have a read such sharp insights into what it means to be in a relationship.Gillian Flynn nails what it means to be dysfunctional, which we all are to one extent or another, but she never condemns her characters for their faults.  Instead, Flynn shows them for what they are, warts and all, and then dares us to love them.It's not easy to love Nick and Amy because we come to know them so well, but isn't that what being in an intimate relationship is all about?  If marriage were easy, there would be no divorces, but in truth having someone know you to your very bone marrow, means that that they just might use your weaknesses against you in the power struggle that is a marriage.No one admits it, but Gillian Flynn isn't afraid to show it in her amazing new book Gone Girl.  Her portrayal of a marriage gone horribly wrong, makes the reader squirm in their collective seats as Flynn shines the light on issues we have but most of us are too afraid to admit.Here's a bit of the plot, but really, it was almost inconsequential for me.  Sure, Flynn writes a tight, suspenseful novel, with enough twists to make you feel like your mind has gone through a pretzel machine, but it's her microscopic view of humanity that hits you over the head with the club of truth that causes you to read far into the night.Nick, the husband, loses his wife on their fifth anniversary.  The house is a mess, and there's a large spot of blood on the kitchen floor that's been cleaned up.  As he watches helplessly, Nick is eventually accused of murdering his beautiful wife.  For a while, I was rooting for Nick, then comes a plot twist and I'm wondering if he really did it.Just as I was waiting for it to wrap up, the second half starts and I'm stunned by the next plot twist.  I can't even imagine how Gillian Flynn came up with this story, and I'm stunned at how much insight she has into the human psyche.  It's like having someone explain quantum physics in a way that you can say you really get it.I've already read Dark Places by Flynn, and now I can't wait to read Sharp Objects.  Flynn has just become one of my favorite new authors.
Great writing style in how the characters are revealed as the story progresses - you will be on the side of one character, then the other. But what happens next with the characters? I thought it ended a little suddenly ...
This book was so good. There was constantly new twists that you just would never guess what was coming next. It was full of surprises.
Dysfunctional couple - absolutely. Intriguing look at insanity played out inside a marriage in the most manipulating way. This novel is a wild ride with "amazing AMY" going to extreme lengths to punish her cheating husband-- she fakes her death and leaves evidence and clues to make her husband suspect #1 -- won't tell you more except this: read it.
"Friends see most of each other's flaws. Spouses see every awful last bit."This is an odd book to review because I don't want to give anything away and spoil the surprises, of which there are many, for anyone.  I don't read many mysteries, this isn't because I don't like them, I love them when they are good but I'm also impatient with them.  I want to know how it is going to work out right now and like a kid before Christmas it is so hard for me to wait to unwrap the presents.  This one was torturous to not unwrap and peak to see what would happen and how things would work out in the end.  I literally had to slap my hand and say "NO" do not peak.This is not a book for people who like two dimensional characters where one is almost perfect and you can clearly root for that character to win, to save the day or get their just desserts.  No this is a complicated character book where people are good and bad and really good and extraordinarily bad along with wickedly smart.  This is a book that shifted what I wanted to happen in the end more than once.  Normally I can pick out who I want to get whatever the prize in the bottom of the cereal box is and I can stick with that.  However, I changed my mind numerous times and felt torn about so many of the issues in the story.  I can see why people love this book or hate this book and there really isn't a lot of in-between.  I don't need to love the characters to love a book, sure it helps, but I don't' need to if the story is there.  I liked this book so much because the story was there.  But if you have to love the characters to love the book this might not be for you.  Don't get me wrong they were likeable, understandable but definitely and totally full of flaws.  I was kept on the edge of my seat with what could possibly happen next.Here is as much as I think I can say without ruining it for anyone.  Nick and Amy met fell in love and got married.  They were the best versions of themselves for a while they lead a charming life together.  But life happened, time went on and five years later they are not the same people anymore.  Nick hasn't really been a great husband for some time and Amy vanishes on their 5 year anniversary under unusual circumstances.  In the aftermath the story unfolds to reveal Amy and Nick's life together and what might have happened to Amy.  Yep, that is about all I can say.Gone Girl is a rollercoaster ride, with small details dished out here and there.  This is smart and wickedly intriguing.  I don't think there is anyone who can say completely oh yeah I saw that coming.  Because even what I thought I saw coming didn't end up being anything close to what the truth of it was.
This book really kept my attention.  It kept me wondering what could possibly happen next.  The only thing I didn't like was the ending.  I won't say anymore so I don't give it away.
This was an enjoyable read and would make for a great beach book. One of the things I liked best about this book was the format. The writer alternates who is narrating the story, leaving the reader to constantly decide where the truth lies. There are several ways the story could have ended and, personally, I would not have chosen the ending Flynn did, but overall the story moves along well and there is not a dull moment.
This book started off really slow at first for me.  As I read on, I couldn't put it down.  I didn't expect the twist and it kept me going!  Great read!
I got this book for my wife.  It is the type of book that she reads.  She thought that it was a good read.
I don't usually read fiction, but as this book had been rated so highly I thought I'd give it a go.  I could have done without the bad language and vulgarisms.  The plot was very contrived and the character development suffered as a result.  I plodded my way through it, but it wasn't worth the effort.
I've been in a funk lately where I just couldn't find anything satisfying to read. I had actually started four different books just to keep reading. Call it reader's block , if you will. then I read a review of this book in a magazine and thought, why not? I downloaded it to my kindle and was instantly captivated by the story! I'd finally found a book to sink my teeth into an fanned the flames back up for my live of reading! I'm recommending this book to anyone I meet for a good lung while!!!
The writing was very good!  It drew you in on the first page and read well until a little over half the book. The ending was very disappointing. I didn't like any of the characters by then.
I think this book is overarted but it has enjoyed a long time on the best seller list.  I would recommend it with reservations.
If there is another book, I was not aware. Although I thought this book was a little too long, I was intrigued with all it's twists and turns. I kept on reading to wait and see how it turned out. Was not happy when I came to the end.
If you don't want to waste your time try to read this book. I'll enjoy it for sure. This book was recommended by my close friend. At first I didn't believe him. But now I fully changed my mind!
Twisted novel, lots of excitement and turns. The story was really crazy however the ending STUNK!Brilliantly written until the end!
It has been a very longtime since I could say I couldn't put a book down, but now I am! I wonder when the movie will come out? Who could play Amy?
The story meanders a bit, but still, very interesting.  Whiule the story line is engaging, it seems the author gets lost in minutae, which is distracting.
Purchased based on a very favourable review in 'The Australian', it completely lived up to the crit.  Apart from the interesting complexity of the story, including the multiple view points and differing time frames (don't be put off), the writing is very fine indeed.  I'd thoroughy recommend Gone Girl to any discerning reader.
Great read. Starts off a bit slow but then you're hooked! The twists are by far the gems of the story.
It took almost 200 pages before the book really caught my attention and I was engrossed in it. Then it took a turn I didn't like and I hated the ending.  I have to finish a book once I start it, this one wound up being kind of painful.
LOVED it. Once I made it through the weird and boring diary entries in the beginning, it all cam together and the twists and turns were fantastic!!
This book held my interest!  If you enjoy a mystery, a well written book with lots of twists and turns, you'll enjoy this one.
Enjoyable on so many levels ...It's a joy to find a book this well written .  Definitely a page turner!
I started reading this story with hesitation. Parts of the movie adaptation were filmed in a town only an hour from mine. I didn't want to be the person who was into it just because it gave a nearby town recognition- just to say &#34;oh yeah, I know all about that&#34; if anyone were to ask. But I decided to ignore all that, who would even care? I started with a sample of the book. I found it very strange and a little hard to follow at first. It wasn't really one of those books who captured my interest so much that I couldn't put it down but I did kind of want to know what was going to happen. So, when the sample was over, I found myself hitting 'purchase'. I read a little between work assignments and then a little before I went to bed. As the story went on, I found myself unable to put the book down. When the story twisted so severely, I thought &#34;Oh my goodness, this woman is brilliant!&#34; Not only the woman in the book, but the author as well. When I started this book, I had no idea what I was getting myself into. Now that I have finished it...I will definitely be thinking about it for days. A book hangover if you will. This book should definitely be read by all!
Great book especially since it's split in his and her point of view in the writing.  Although I did not like the ending I thought it was brilliantly written and held you captive.  It's incredible to think that there are women out there who really are this nuts!  It was highly recommended to me and it did not dissappoint.  READ IT!
Nitpick, nitpick, nitpick....BUT how hard is it for authors to use Google map directions if they are unfamiliar with a region's geography???  I had doubts that Ms. Flynn has ever stepped foot in the state of Missouri, but now have read her bio to see that she is from Kansas City, so what I think now is that she went to Hannibal on a field trip or something as a kid and remembered a little bit about it, maybe knew someone from Ladue so threw that it in. My main complaint is that she places this little fictional town "about 40 minutes out of St. Louis" and about "10-20 minutes" for Hannibal and just under 5 hours from Memphis.  Not physically possible.  Hannibal (a real town) is over 100 miles from St. Louis and about 7 hours by car to Memphis, and while I could make allowances for maybe N. Carthage was somewhere in the middle, later in the story, she writes that N. Carthage is north of Hannibal.  Poor details of fact (that are easily searchable and fixable) distract me.  Other geographic details are off too, but would be spoilers, so I'll quit.Having said that, though, could not wait for this to come out based on reviews.  Ran to the bookstore.  Took kids to the pool so I could lounge and read.  Made husband (certainly not a dancing monkey) do dishes and put kids to bed so I could read.  Ignored fact I had to be up at 7 to stay up until 2 to finish this book.  So good.  Laughed out loud.  Loved the angle.  (Was setting up like a Scott Peterson scenario but I knew couldn't be that predictable.)  Unbelievably engaging.  I guessed the outcome but not the motives...whew...what a ride.  Read it in one sitting and DO NOT look at spoilers.Loved the Blue Book gang detail, too.  I teach college classes and am always looking for Blue Books! Way to weave that in.I am new to Gillian Flynn but am heading to the beach next week and think I will pick up the first two books.  I am a hard reviewer and hard to please.  I don't have a lot of time to read, so I get pretty irritated if books don't live up to the hype.  This one does.  Think I will pass it on my husband and keep him guessing. :)
This was a great book to just curl up with,in a quiet place.I could not believe that it ended the way that it ended.In fact,I expected a sequel.However,this author has a pool of reference that really displays the darkness of the inner mind of some.I could not wait to be so far down the list,at the library,to get this book,having heard about how terrific it was.So,I got the audio version from Amazon.com.and it worked out great,because it came,by mail,within 4-5 days,and I was taking an auto trip..fabulous to listen to this book.My daughter read the book,and told me that she could not put it down,so she stayed up,half of the night.Terrific!
This book didn't disappoint with a structure that kept pushing and pulling me in different directions.An exquisite ending remark.
Could not stop reading but after a sleepless night I can't help laughing at the twists this story takes. I am going up look for other books by this author.
I haven't finished this book yet - I find the language objectionable so far.  Not much to say yet --  I do not hate it.
I enjoyed this book until the last chapter.  Then I wanted to throw my Kindle across the room.  The writing flows and the story just sucks you in, revealing twists and turns and leaves you guessing.  A little far fetched at times nobody is THAT brilliant) but still highly entertaining.  I waffled between sympathy and deep loathing for the characters most of the time.  Then, like I said, the end happened and it was awful.  Genius, but awful.  I get it but hate that so many loose ends were left untied.
Good story but sad.  The author did a good job switching from 1 character to the other.  Very slow start though. It got more and more interesting towards the end and you can not tell what was going to happen at the end so be prepared to stay awake and reading all night to know the end.
This novel takes you to dark places in a light manner. Its pace is so quick it makes your head spin, and you find yourself enjoying it immensely, always wanting more, always wondering about that next sudden turn of events. Sharp and witty comments intertwine with psychological explorations of the human mind. You get dark and heavy combined with light and fun, meaning there is something for everyone here - even for the most blas&eacute; among us.
Loved it!  The ending was rather abrupt for me.  What a story.  Wish I could wright like this!!  I admire Gillian!
It kept me guessing all through the book, and the ending was pretty incredible!  I think that anyone would enjoy it.
The girl who 'went' was just such an interesting character. I'd say more for fear of spoilers. I stayed up really late reading it. I thought the characters were really well developed and original, and the plot was engrossing.
This book is a testament to people can look and act great on the outside but be snakes on the inside.  By the end of the book I detested both main characters.
The plot is so twisted that it becomes Perils of Pauline. The characters are so archly drawn each would understand the previous reference. The irony is so deep it becomes dull. A tedious read at best.
It was fast moving and a terrific story with a great ending.  How the author though all of this up is amazing and amusing.
Great book, the best that I have read in a long time, kept me guessing right to the end. I couldn't put it down!
I wanted to take a shower after reading about these awful people.  Very scary depiction of what 2 people can get from a marriage.
Chilling story about a marriage gone bad, love, hate, and revenge.  Truly a page turner that left me wondering for quite a long time.
Kept me on the edge of my seat from start to finish! Neither of the main characters was exactly as I thought they would be.
Ever since third grade when I discovered the magic of well written mystery stories (thank you, Nancy Drew), whenever there is buzz about a new author or novel, I'm there. With Gone Girl, they had me at Gone. I wanted to love it, and some parts of it, I did. But much of it disappointed me. I think I was expecting more than it delivered, especially (spoiler alert!) when the truth unravels. It was slightly bizarre, to say the least. I think Gillian Flynn had great material with which to work, but somehow, as a reader, I felt she was led astray somewhere along the way and never returned to her original purpose. Oh, well. . .there was a lot to like, but not much to love, just like the characters.
After all the hype I expected this book to make me younger, taller and thinner. I expected to hate it. I wanted to hate it. But guess what,I did almost nothing else the day I finished the book because I HAD to get back to it. That's saying something. Many people have taken issue with the ending and it did get a little out there, but I suspend my disbelief on a regular basis - 85-90% of this book was a cracking good story. So good, I would have been proud to have written it. ;-)
I wanted a great vacation read and this book kept coming up. Bought it... and I was entertained for most of the book. Definitely written in an interesting manner as the characters unfold and we get to know them(or do we?)as we turn the pages. The author lets out information a little at a time which keeps you involved and wondering what is going on. You believe one way, then another. Your suspicions and your loyalties change as you read. Then- you get to the end. COMPLETELY unbelievable ending. Just made me feel like I had wasted some good vacation reading time.
This book was a unique tale of two troubled individuals. The author chose a journal format which enabled the reader insights into each character's head. The story was intricate and kept alive by the ever developing plot which kept you wanting to turn the next page to find out what was going to happen next and who was going to win.  My only criticism of the book was the extensive use of the "F" bomb, which was a distraction to me.
Can't wait to pick the book up again, I have to see where this book is going. Good Read Keeps You Interested.
I wanted to like this book - I love stories in this genre, the writing style was very good. Several friends raved about it, but it just didn't do it for me - I found it very predictable & couldn't make it to the end.
This is a fun book to read. Full of twist and turns which is always fun, it kept me guessing until the very end. If I had one thing that I would say against it was the ending. Without giving it away I would have enjoyed a more settled ending.
I looked forward to reading "Gone Girl," for I have several friends who thought it was amazing and could not put it down. I got only 1/3 of the way through the book when I stopped reading. Neither one of the main characters was at all worth caring about. I do not understand why it is still on the top ten reading list in the Times. Dreadful. I am so glad that it was leant to me and I did not buy it.
you read 10 books and one really stands out.  this is the one.you think you know characters well and then find you were wrong.  very suspenseful.don't wont to put it down.
I devoured every word.  Would have ended it when she showed back up and left readers to compose their own ending!
I love how the story went on.  It was clever with plenty of twists.  And after all that, I thought us as readers deserved a bit of a predictable, expected happy ending.  But no, I was left hanging.  I hated Amy towards the end and I just wanted her gone.  But the author seemed to be thinking like Amy, because that was what we all expected so she didn't give it to us.  That's why I only gave this book 2 stars.
It was a decent page turner and I appreciate that the ending wasn't a perfect little package.  I was bothered though.  I felt like the author made light of idiot parents bringing children into their messy world at the end.  This bugs me in real life though so maybe not really a big deal to everyone...
The twists and turns keep coming.  Ms Flynn does a great job of making her characters both mesmerizing and repugnant.  I was left not knowing who to root for or against. This is a book I will recommend to friends primarily for the conversations that will ensue.
I really thought I would love this book after all the glowing reviews.  I'm not sure I can finish it.  I am at 40%, and it is so blindingly boring, I don't want to keep reading.  At this point, there isn't one character that I am invested in, they are all unlikable.  Many people have commented on the ending, but I'm not sure I have the wherewithal to make it to the ending.
Bad ending, filthy language adequate writing.  I think that the only reason this one is on the best seller list is due to the money the publisher poured into the advertising.
At first it tool awhile to get into it.  The way it was written by the two main characters on their side of the story was good.  It was very disturbing to me that she got away with everything.  What a way to live.
A little slow getting started but great twist in the story to get you into it again. Its a great read!!
I have become something of a Gillian Flynn junkie. I started with Dark Places, then read Sharp Objects, and finished with Gone Girl. They all hold the dark, mysterious plot twists, but Gone Girl really ended with a bang. It left me wanting more, thinking about the characters even after I finished the book. I am a very avid reader and devour books like they are cupcakes, and very few books can draw me in the way this one did. Highly recommended, and a purchase I haven't regretted!
couldn't put this book down, absolutely loved it, but hated the way it ended. Awesome Book but I love Gillian Flynn
It was an interesting plot and the book kept you wanting to read more. However, didn't like how the story ended. Just felt like justice should have been served.
The book I feel was well written and I enjoyed the book, although I felt the ending was anti climatic and sort of leaves you hanging. the characters are great and that was what I enjoyed most. there were times when I did not want to put the book down. very intriquing plot and it doess keep you guessing for a good part of the book. Not one of my favorites but a good read.
I liked this book for many reasons, but here are my top five:1. It's very well-written without the dreaded I'm-so-literary pretensions, the narrative insightful without being pedantic.2. The plot is well-imagined but not convoluted, and carries a sense of threat without resorting to over-the-top descriptions of violence.3. The suspense begins on page one and continues to the end, with no "slump" in the middle.4. The characters are flawed yet somehow likeable in their own ways. (You know, like real people.)5. The form of the novel (two first-person narrators, neither of them a detective) is a fresh approach to an old genre (the mystery).The only reason I'm not giving this book five stars (I'd give it 4.5 if I could) is because of the treatment of one character. This character has what turns out to be a significant role in the plot, but not explored enough in the beginning and middle. More hints about the psychology of this character earlier would have made their actions later more believable.But this is a small flaw in what I feel is an outstanding book. If you like excellent writing and a clever mystery but are tired of the usual pro/amateur detective format, you'll like this book.A word about the ending: The fact that this book does NOT have a predictably slam-bang ending is part of its genius. The author crafted a story with characters who do what real people might do, not caricatures who follow a formula. A Hollywood ending would have diminished the whole novel.Oh, and a word about the narration: Some readers are really not comfortable with the "unreliable narrator" device. But it was a stroke of genius on the author's part to use it for this story. The reader realizes, little by little, that neither of the narrators are exactly what they seem. She turns page after page, and just when she thinks she's solved the mystery, something new is revealed and the plot thickens once again...
Really enjoyed this book with all the twisted weird thinking  and doings of Amy BUT  the ending was such a disappointment. Left me thinking the author got tired of the story and just wanted it to be over.
This was so well written and kept you in suspense for a long time.  Flynn has done a great job with this.  Definitely worth the read.
This books Starts quickly and looks like a lot more fun than it ends up being.The author Commits the cardinal sin of having the entire cast of characters be unlikeable and the principal characters be very unlikeable and just truly evil. This is Presumably some sort of musing about the deficiencies and self deceptions of marriage  but it spirals up and  over the top in the first half and grinds  to a non -ending ending that is really quite bad. A skillful waste of. time so save your dime.
Early in this book I thought it was going to be very predictable.  Wrong! The plot has layer after layer of subtlety,keeping you guessing.Gillian Flynn is an excellent writer.
i didnt give it 5 stars because i was not moved by this book and did not feel anything for the characters.  it was simply a clever plot in well written prose.
Did Nick kill his wife?  A few pages, I am sure he did, then a few pages and I have some doubt, then back to thinking he did.  It is a roller coaster.  The author has a great insight into how two people in a marriage see their relationship in entirely different ways. That gave the story a lot of depth for me. I found it a good read if you like psychological thrillers.
Awesome book! Loved it and could not put it down.  It is the first of the 3 Gillian Flynn books I have read and I really hope she comes out with a 4th soon.  I read this in just a few days and was hooked by page 1.  Lots of twists and turns in this book which make for a great thriller novel.  You will not be sorry you got this book!!
I'm only giving this awful thing two stars because the writer is truly talented. I hated this book! It drags and drags and drags. It's dismal. It's stupid. And the characters suck. Felt like I needed a bath after I finished it. If you're considering reading it, don't.
An over the top effort to demonstrate ostensibly excellent writing. The author tries much too hard to make it work. I couldn't wait to get it over with. Almost threw it in the can along the way. Don't bother with it.
I read this book with curiosity after reading some of the other reviews. It takes a while to get going, but then it is one surprise after another and keeps you wondering what is coming next. Many have criticized the ending, but I found it was in character with  the way Amy lead her make-believe-life. All in all I enjoyed the story and found it hard to put down once I got into it. A good read!
Right up until the last couple of chapters I was totally hooked on this book, having bought it based on the phenomenal reviews.  Then the bottom fell out.  Without giving any more away than has already been disclosed I just thought the resolution was just wrong.  After all that happened &#34;Well.  We both hate each other and now we're having a baby,&#34; just didn't cut it for me.  I really wanted Amanda to get hers.  Made me feel like reading the rest was almost a waste of time.Sorry.  This might be one of those books that's better if you read the ending first.  Then decide.
I found it too long and drawn out.  Got very tired of it because of this.  Not my cup of tea.
A clever plot which gets to feel formulaic toward the end, which I felt was not entirely credible and more than a little manipulative.  Good enough if you are a casual reader looking for a &#34; good read&#34; but not in the first ranks of serious literary fiction.  Sorry if that sounds patronizing, but I want more than just plot in a seriously well-written novel.
I started reading Gone Girl but I could not get into it.  This happens occassionally.  I did not finish reading the this book.
This one will keep you guessing until the very end. It's nothing short of brilliant the way the author pulls it all together in the end. A masterpiece.
Good book, well written with twists and turns to keep you interested.Well worth reading and I really liked the ending
My boyfriend actually got mad at me as I was reading this because he could not pry me away, I was too absorbed to think about anything else.  There are three parts... the first part I thought was a great reflection on how two people see their own marriage differently... but after that, I was blown away by the twists and turns the plot took.  The main character, Amy; is the protagonist of a series of children's books that her parents wrote about her; her husband, Nick, had to move home from NYC when his mother was sick.  Amy goes missing in the first chapter of the book, and we watch the police hunt unfold from Nick's point of view as we read Amy's past diary entries.  Believeably written and gripping from the first page!!
There are two conversations going on in the book.  One written by AMy and the other about Nick, so you go from chapter to chapter reading their points of view.  Then at the half way point, which is where I am at it all changes.  Looking forward to the rest of the book. Ruth  Finished it and it was a good read.
I enjoyed this book. Little slow to start, but then I couldn't put it down. Wanted to see what was going to happen next. Wasn't quite sure about the ending!
The book was well written.  I loved the surprises along the way.  The end was a disturbing; but something to think about.  One will not forget the book.
I loved this book. One of the best psychological thrillers I've read. Very clever, great writing and lots of twists and turns to keep the reader engaged. Not only was this incredibly well plotted, the characters were well developed and interesting. I did find the ending surprising and struggled with whether it was plausible but decided that it could be in the world of Amy and Nick and their enmeshed relationship. And I liked that it wasn't predictable. Highly recommended.
What a great read!  I used to read books over and over. I havent done that in a very long time.  I think I will read this book again!!
the story was exciting but the ending was awful--I do not want to make my own ending and if the author purposely left off the way she did so she has a reason for her next book  shame on her
Everyone in the family had read this book and had comments about it...  both good and bad.  They all suggested that I read it.  I dis not think it lived up to its publicity and found the ending disappointing.  Really!  A continued life of conflict and misery.
This is the first of Flynn's books I have read. If you like twists and surprises, this book is for you. Flynn takes us into the world of Amy, a beautiful, young wife who suddenly disappears, and her husband Nick, an enigma with skeletons in his closet. It's not your usual mystery; it's like an onion. As you peel layers of the story, more and more happens. Just when you think it can't get any freakier, Flynn surprises you again. It's sick, twisted, and brilliant. Great read!
This was my first book by Gillian Flynn after seeing it in so many top selling lists and recommended reads, I decided to give it a go.  I thoroughly enjoyed it, the way it was written alternating between the two characters, and all the twists along the way.  A very enjoyable and hard to put down book.  I will definately be reading more of this authors books.
I read this was a psychological thriller which it was. It was a good read that I did not want to put down. I don't know who is doing the movie, but it should be the Cohen Brothers for that unexpected twist at the end.
There are two writers that, in the words of Stephen King, are unsurpassed in their ability to ambush the reader; to lay suspense-ridden traps for you.  They are Ira Levin (Rosemary's Baby) and Cornell Woolrich (The Bride Wore Black).  To these must be added Gillian Flynn.  "Gone Girl" has some genuinely stunning surprises embedded in a terrifying story of betrayal and manipulation.  It's a lot likeWho's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?meetsPresumed Innocent.  I finished it in one long night of reading.  It's just that un-putdownable.
Like the title said, I loved reading this book.  It was the very definition of a page turner....couldn't wait to see what was coming next.  I especially liked Part 2 of the novel when a new narrator steps in.  He/she was so delightfully hate-able, but sooooo hilarious (and filthy...seriously, if you are offended by naughty language, don't read this book).It's hard to review a mystery/thriller, since anything you say could be considered a spoiler.If you like a twisty turny story filled with characters that can be difficult to sympathize with, I think you'll enjoy this book.  As for the ending, it's not what I would have wanted, but I suppose it fit (sorry for the vagueness, if you want more detail, I could go into it in the comments section).
I was standing in line at the library, trying to counterweight the heavy book bag in one arm and the precariously stacked books in the other. Then I saw it. Gone Girl: predominantly displayed on the fourteen-day loan shelf. After a year of everyone talking about it, over 13,000 reviews on Amazon, and a movie deal, I had to check it out. The landslide of books slid across the circulation desk, with Gone Girl skiing on top.The best description I can offer of this book is a retelling of the movie American Beauty, but darker--much darker. Herein is a story of a marriage gone wrong, told in dastardly alternating viewpoints. The author builds a downward spiral momentum through a perfect channeling of perspectives, both male and female.  We are graced with charm and wit, and we are shocked with deception and connivery.I imagine women readers may feel uncomfortable or let down before the end of the first act. Reasonable so--this is a deliberate maneuver by the author and showcases the intelligent design thereof. The book in its entirety is something everyone can rally behind.The narrative is smart and sexy. And I don't mean erotica. I mean word pornography. Big words, small words, words used in various ways. The author did a great job of making nearly every sentence mean something relevant.I can't go into much detail about the book without spoiling most of its fun. What I can say though, is if you enjoyed the movie American Beauty and if you enjoy a well-constructed plot, then check out this book.
I picked this up on a lightning deal whim since it was only 2.99, and read it over the course of 3 or so evenings.Anyway, I'm assuming you've read what the story's about on the product page, but basically: man's wife disappears, did he kill her or not?As the reviews make clear, there's a pretty big plot twist about a third of the way in the book, which is written in first person alternating with the husband (guilty?) and the wife (a diary leading to the day she went missing).You fall in love with the wife's stories as the husband becomes more despicable with each passage he makes, which is clearly the intent of the story's author. When the twist happens, you realize both parties are not exactly what they present the reader with at first, and there's a final twist in the story's final two sentences that's (as I read it at least) very subtle and seems to have many readers frustrated over it. I thought the last bit was what made the story a solid read, but I doubt I'll read it again (I rarely re-read novels).All that said, I feel 3 bucks was a fair price for this, and I think if you pay under 12 for the novel, it's worth it, but anything over that you may be left flustered and a little cheated of cash.All said, I think it's a good way to pass a few hours reading it and definitely not as bad as some reviewers seem to think.
This came highly recommended and will be a future Hollywood movie.  Knowing that, I thought it would at least be interesting and worth my time. The first turn off is the language and  the attitude of the main female character.  She is classLESS!  A real loser!  Sorry I purchased this book!  The author does not deserve my money.  I do not understand how this book even caught the attention of a Hollywood producer.
I was captured by this book from start to finish.  I love how the author took us on a journey of this couple from both perspectivies.  Going back and forth you seem to get a full picture of these two people and their marriage.  The best thing about this book it that you did not know what was going to come next.  I was in suspense, laughing out loud, and talking about this book for days!!  You will not be disappointed, from start to finish you never seem to know what will happen next.  The author does a wonderful job of keeping you on your toes!!!
I started out really enjoying this book - one of the few books where I started out not liking EITHER of the main characters.  Then, as it progresses, you tend to lean towards one of them.  I had to keep myself from peeking ahead of the story to see what would happen.  As it started winding down, I realized that the author better have had a shock in store for us.  Instead, it was a disappointment!  Seriously?  I mean, I spent many nights really getting into the story and thinking how brillant it was, only to be let down.  The ending was just plain stupid, IMO.Also, as many of the other reviews have stated, the language is quite foul.  Could have done without it.  Not going to rush out and get any of her other books.
I bought this book because of the reviews.  It did not hold up to the promise and at times was long winded and boring.  But I persevered till the an unbelievable end.  My first book by this author and probably my last.
This book strained credibility at times, but was a fast read and fun to discuss in my Book Club.  Sometimes you just have to read what everyone else is reading- so I accomplished keeping up with &#34;pop culture&#34;.
At first I did have a little bit if a hard time getting into the book.  As it went on it got better and better, the twists made me wanting to keep reading, the ending however was horrible.  I think the reason I rated it only a 3 was purely because of the ending.  On the plus side, it did leave room for a sequel.
I don't typically like dark stories but this one had me on the edge of my seat.  Chapter by chapter, it's a thrill ride and will keep you up late to see what happens next.  However, that said, I don't think stories about psychotic sociopaths are real entertainment.  The story was creepy most of the time because a sociopath is unpredictable at best.  I did not like the ending because I think someone who commits murder should be punished.  However, how creepy is it that at some time one just might kill the other for sport.  Keeps you guessing.  Read it to believe it.
What a completely messed up story and what messed up minds to have to experience this story through. Reading it in the third person would have been interesting but reading it as if you're in the mind experiencing their thoughts is horrifying.Over all I wanted to stop reading this after the first chapter. I kept reading because I'm not a quitter, but I didn't enjoy it and probably won't read anything more from this author.
This book drew me in from the beginning until the very end! There were so many twists and turns in the book that I just could not put it down. Great book!
I liked this book, the story line seemed so simple, I keep thinking about what the rest of the book was going to be about, then the author sets the hook and the story goes off into another direction.  I liked the writing style, didn't care much for the ending, but i would recommend this as an interesting read.
Intersesting story that is written in a language that reads like an epic poetry. I should have read it earlier.
This book lives up to the hype.  I ordered it after seeing it was one of the top choices on a reading website.  What I liked most about Gone Girl is that it works on several levels.  You could enjoy it as a straight up thriller/mystery or also appreciate its subtle writing and ironic tone.  Some may not like the ending, but I found it entirely plausible and true to the tone of both the characters.
I am telling you  run, do not walk to the nearest library or amazon and get this book. I read read read. this one gets the prize for the "Best Book Sally has Read all Year:! A mystery wrapped around an enigma, around a murder mystery, a marriage, a shocking ending. How this writer came up with this book is a wonder. I ran to the library to get her other books, they had never heard of Gillian Flynn. I said "you will". this will be the next hot movie. wonderful reading. sak 66
I enjoyed how it never went the way I thought and had interesting turns. The ending just kinda didn't give it the 5th star.
I read it without ever really been trap by the story. I guess the plot seemed to linger unnecessarily in some parts without a real reason.
I actually loved a lot about this book.  I found it very clever how the author was able to paint portraits of characters that I liked one minute and despised the next.  And it was the a very interesting plot, that enabled her to pull it off.  I was somewhat disappointed in the ending.  I did not find the two main characters' &#34;crimes&#34; at all equal.  I agree with another reviewer who said in the end, one got more punishment than deserved; one far less.  Don't want to spoil it for anybody else, as it's a good book that will keep you up at night to finish it....and I do recommend it.
A very good read although a little close to home for me. Many can learn from this story and grow into freedom from an abusive situation.
Since I am not a huge fan of mystery psychological thriller type, I thought I'd switch it up and try something different... plus almost everyone I know has read this and it came highly recommended.  I love the style of writing... the detailed play between the sections bouncing between Amy and Nick and the dance the writer does between them.  I love the setup, you think you know one thing for about 100 pages or so, then BAM! Something else happens.  That element was what kept me going and made me want to keep reading, the surprise, but also the play and dance the writer does.  I have to admit, the book just put me in a crappy mood.  Honestly.  I guess that means it did something, when writing touches you to your core and makes you question who you are and it just leaves you changed when everything is said and done.... but it definitely has sent me back to my 'happily ever after' type books.  I'd definitely recommend it on the suspense alone and the craft of writing.  She's got talent that Gillian Flynn.  I would absolutely read another book of hers simply based on her writing alone.  I don't think I'd revisit this book since I know the tosses and turns it puts the reader through... but if you're looking for a thriller suspensey type - worth every penny.
This book definitely keeps you on the edge of your seat.  The characters are interesting and well developed; however, I hope they are unrealistic, or this is a very sad world.  A great beach book.
I guess I should have read a little bit more about this book and the author before reading the book. I am a reader of mysteries and this book was more of a psychological &#34;thriller&#34; than a mystery. The author is very clever in her portrayal of her characters and a good writer, but this book was not my favorite.
Flynn does her best to confuse you and accuse everyone in the novel, she finds all the ways she can to make you also accuse everyone. I imagine it's what the Salem Witch Trials were like. Accusations left and right and when one person in particular is picked it gets nasty.This novel takes place right after the MC wife goes missing. The first thing that happens is that the husband is accused, why? The kitchen floor is covered in blood and there is a diary left behind by his wife. It accuses him of things that border on rape, being a filthy pig, and many other horrible things that the MC never confirms or denies. But what we are all asking ourselves is, did he do it? If so, why?This novel was so filled with suspense that the book practically makes you sit up straight while reading, because you keep expecting the monster to come out of the closet and you just know you are going to scream.The only thing I did not like about this novel is that the ending was awful, but it had such a wonderful build up that you'll just sort of snarl at the end, in disappointment.
Recommended by a friend, i had no idea what to expect and was captured from the first page. I'm not a fast reader but this was 'gone' in a weekend. Enjoy.
Hang on to your seats. This is quite a read. It twists as much as the Mississippi River does through the plot. You will be surprised, happy, sad... emotional roller coaster.
Up until the last 75 pages, I thought the book was really great and even recommended it to people.  The plot line was so clever and intriguing.  From one second to the next you didn't know what the truth was and who did what. But it's obvious that the author couldn't figure out how to end it.  It was just preposterous.  Without giving away the story, I can only say she would have never gotten away with it because there were too many clues. I hate when things don't add up and that describes the ending to a tee.
I think I already rated this book. Wonderfully written and engaging. Didn't want to put it down. Several people felt the same way and recommended it to me.
This book has a lot of twists and turns in it which is fascinating.  It was a choice of the book club I am in and we had a good discussion about it.  The ending does kind of leave you hanging though.
While some of my friends said they figured this out before the end, I was captivated and puzzled until three-quarters through.  Gillian Flynn's best novel so far.
I liked the book, but I expected more because of advertisements, etc. There were more twists and turns than were needed to make this an excellent book. The concept was different  but a bit much to me.
I thought this book was amazing. A lot of my friends did not like the ending but I thought it so incredible that the author could even begin to create such a twisted story. It sure held my attention.
I'm not one to seek out "thrilling" stories of any kind, but this was a selection of my bookclub. Once I started, I couldn't stop. I loved the twists and turns of the story and the surprises along the way.
These characters put the &#34;dys&#34; in &#34;functional.&#34;  Well-written and fast-paced. I was pleased that I could not predict the outcome early on.  Read the synopsis to get an idea of the story line, but do read the book.
Wow, Gillian Flynn must have stayed up lots of night coming up with the direction(s) of this plot.  I really, really enjoyed the fact that I never could figure out what was in store for the characters.  A real page turner and I found myself a little blurry eyed one morning from the lack of sleep caused by not being able to put the book down.  Read it!
Gone Girl is a most compelling novel. The unexpected twists and turns in the plot were so riveting I couldn't stop reading. I especially appreciated the point of view shift with almost every chapter. Very entertaining.
Too many lies to tell a story...she got away with murder. He was proven not guilty, and lived with her again. Talk about abuse!!!!!No I didn't care for it.
Wow. Wow. Wow. This book blew my mind. I kept thinking I knew where it was going. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. Great writing, great plot, fully developed characters, terrific read.
There are some books that hit the book blogging world by storm and it seems that almost everyone has read them.  I'm usually one of the last ones but that doesn't really bother me.  Because I have a tendency to shy away when a book is getting "too much" buzz.  I'm weird like that.  But I am so glad that I finally read this one because it was OH SO DELICIOUSLY good!This book is about a man (Nick) and his wife (Amy).  But that's all I'm telling you.  Because either a) you've already read this book, b) you've already read enough reviews to know what this book is about (and whether you want to read it or not), or c) your planning on reading it in which case you should go in knowing as little as possible in my opinion.  Or you could be like me and pick this book up solely because the author is Gillian Flynn and you had such a good reading experience with another of her books (for me that was Sharp Objects which I also highly recommend).This book surpassed all of my reading expectations (and I had high ones thanks to Sharp Objects)!  Although I had a hard time at the beginning connecting to the story, before long I was completely and utterly hooked.  I can see why reviewers either love or hate this book.  This is such a dark book at times and it isn't always easy to read.  Ms. Flynn, I bow down to your expertise as a writer that knows how to make the reader squirm.  None of this bothered me in the slightest because I love a good dark read.  The author gives the reader the opportunity to really get to know the main characters in such a way that they almost feel like real people.  Love them or hate them but don't ever accuse Flynn of not fleshing out her characters.  I was so wrapped up in the story that I would think about it when I was doing other simple things like the dishes.  I was completely absorbed by the end...even after finishing the book I thought about it days later.  I could never guess what was going to happen next with this book, and the ending just blew me away because I didn't see it coming.  Tricky, tricky!  Even now just talking about the book makes me want to reread it and experience it from the very beginning.  I will now officially read anything/everything that this author writes which is high enough praise!Do I even need to wrap up my thoughts on this book for all of you???  I enjoyed every moment that I spent in the dark, twisted world that this author created.  I found myself endlessly fascinated with the characters that she created in this book for many different reasons.  And I basically want Flynn to write as many books as humanely possible just so I can enjoy more books like this.  If you want a book where you should always expect the unexpected than I would highly recommend this one!  As for me, I plan on reading Dark Places when I'm ready and in the mood for another dark thriller.  My expectations will be set ridiculously high from this point on.  Enough said :)Bottom Line:  This book will be on my top reads for 2013 this year...I can guarantee it!Disclosure:  I received a copy of this book from NetGalley thanks to the publisher.  It also fits in with my personal goal to read as many Edgar Prize nominees as possible.  I couldn't be more pleased with the results of this personal challenge!
I really liked reading this book.  I always enjoy when a book is so intriguing that I have to tell people what it is about.  Only problem with this book is it is hard to talk about it without giving the best parts away. It is testament to the fact that you can end up hating the one you love almost as much or more than you love them. It raises the question of how well do you know your spouse and are there things that are abusive in nature you hide from yourself in your relationship to maintain peace. I like the stranger than fiction twists and have actually lived a few of these.  Props to the author and would defiantly recommend to read!!
I thought it was just another predictable book, then the surprises just keep coming.  It is well written with plenty of unlikable characters.  I really enjoyed it but hated it at the same time.  Great book
Let's start by saying I loved the first 90% of this book.  I was hooked from the beginning. A lot of twists. Caught me off guard more than once.  Fantastic writing and story.  Then.....it just ends.  Ends. No conclusion. No cliff-hanger.  Just over.  Totally ruined the whole book for me.  And any future books from this author will most certainly not be purchased by me.  So my review in short: if you want to be highly entertained for several hours, then sorely disappointed in the end: please buy this book.  If not; keep browsing. Happy Reading.
This is a mystery written in an unusual way that holds the reader's interest until the very end of the story.Some of the plot follows the expected if there is such a thing but really takes the vengeance of a woman scorned to a whole new level.  A very entertaining read.
When I first started reading Gone Girl, I almost stopped after discovering it is a dual narrative. To put this in perspective, the last book I had finished was Allegiant, of the Divergent series, and had it been an actual paper book I was reading rather than the kindle app on my iPad, I would have set it on fire. It was the worst experience I've ever had as far as books go, and a large part of that was due to the dual narrative.I am so glad I didn't stop reading because let me tell you, HOMEGIRL ROCKED THE DUAL NARRATIVE.It was like an illness. I COULD NOT STOP. I kid you not, I called in sick for work one day because I reached an especially exciting point in the book the night before, and couldn't bear waiting another 8 hours before continuing.And then I thought I would crap myself once the second part started.And then the third part started and I was just slack-jawed at the insanity exhibited by these two.It's a horrifying tale of &#34;if I can't have you nobody can&#34; wrapped up with some soul-crushing dependence, all told through a who-dun-it type of story. I will read this again and again, that is for dang sure.
While nearly all the characters in this book were over-the-top dysfunctional, I was drawn into the story enough to keep reading --- right up to the point that I felt the author reach into my pocket and steal $12.99 from me. It was as if she got tired of writing, and just stopped. There are better books out there. Try the classic "Rebecca", if you want a book with twists and turns you don't expect.
I'm not sure how to even rate this book, it's very unique. I finished in two days, I couldn't put it down. I was hooked from the beginning and I had to know how it ended. However, I hated the characters. Both main characters are egotistical jerks and I had a hard time relating to either of them. And then the ending. OH, the ending!! I hated it!If the mark of a good book is that you can't stop reading it and it stays with you for days after you've finished; then this is a very good book.However, if the mark of a good book is to root for one of the characters, to have a believable plot, and to be able to imagine yourself as one of the characters, this book is terrible.I haven't decided either way yet.
My wife reads those kinds of books and she really enjoyed it.  She is an avid reader and this must have been a favorite as she read it at every opportunity.  Great writing and story.  Recommended.
One of my favorite books ever! Gillian Flynn is a brilliant author and this is a must read for sure!!
Gone Girl: Gillian FlynnJust how far will one man go to prove his love for his wife? Just how far will she go to test it? Gone Girl is an interesting novel based in two time periods. The main character, Nick Dunne relates in his own unique voice his present state of mind, meeting his wife, his hopes for their future and his new career working with his sister in a Bar named The Bar. As we get to know him better we realize that his relationship with his sister is quite close and his wife's distant with his family. Nick's story or narrative takes place in the present. Meeting Amy we learn about her as she introduces the reader to her first impressions and encounters with Nick. Bowled over, over the top and head over heels for him you can feel the energy between them as she shares her diary with the reader. But, Amy's behavior is often erratic and things change as the reader comes to know her better and realizes that she disappears but how and why? Gone Girl is just that a story about a wife whose sudden disappearance changes the lives of many but mainly Nick. As you hear the voices told in alternating chapters from a soft pianissimo to a loud crescendo when things crash and life takes on a much different turn. Can you marry someone and think they are one person and learn they are really another? Can your life be turned upside because circumstances look as if you are guilty?As he hear Amy tell about her feelings about Nick we begin to wonder why she decided to marry him and just how solid her mind is when listening to her voice. As we fast forward to the present Nick is alert by a friend that his house has not been locked and the door is wide open. Entering the front door he realizes something is wrong as he smells smoke and the house looks ransacked. Was it a struggle or was it something else that caused Amy's disappearance as the next step in the chain of events is calling the Police. This would change the complexion of his life.The alternating voices of both Nick and Amy change throughout the first part of the novel as Amy enlightens the reader in her diary entries as to the changes she feels she sees not only in herself but in Nick that cause their marriage to deteriorate. Added in is the fact that Amy has never had to worry about money for any reason yet her parents come to her and borrow a substantial amount because of poor financial choices. Resentment hits an all time high as Nick and Amy are constantly arguing over money, his loss of his job and then the reader becomes aware of his infidelity in the present. Questioned by the police, seemingly upset about her disappearance and clues provided by Amy to help him find her it is almost like her typical treasure hunts she enjoys creating. Gone Girl has many levels to it as we begin to realize that Amy is not only gone or has orchestrated her own disappearance and is now living what she would call a double life, but her mind seems to be going deeper into another mindset as Kevin seems to finding his way in other places. Just where will this all lead still remains to be seen as we hear Amy's thoughts, ramblings and words in part two of this book stating she is glad to be gone and missing. According to her parents and most friends she was kind, sweet, adorable and the subject of their many books so how does she turn into something so different. Almost like a split personality and another coming through in part two pumping up the plot for her unusual return in Part three. Why would Amy create her own disappearance and try to pin it on Kevin? Just how diabolical is she to create and orchestrate this entire event to coincide with her anniversary?Although he agrees to the questioning by the police you can tell that both sides have a strong undertone of suspicion as to what might have happened to Amy. But, if you take a closer look you will learn that she is conniving, manipulative and cunning because she orchestrated the entire event so that Nick would be the prime suspect in what she will make appear as her murder. Amy documents in her diary entries her changing perspective of Nick from the first moments when she thought her world was filled with all of the things she wanted and needed because of him and then changed when she tells about his jealousies, his insecurities and resentment of her wealth and parental help. But, things shift when her parents make a poor financial choice and Amy has to lend them back the money in her trust fund that was originally theirs. Gone Girl has more a deeper meaning than just the disappearance of this young girl. As you listen closely and hear her voice, read each diary entry you will get to know her inner most thoughts, feelings, expressions and truths that are revealed as the author leads us into part two where things change.The police are on the scene but have not really investigated every lead or every angle. At points you seem to think they are waiting for Nick to lead them to Amy or for him to solve the case for them. Each date in her diary brings us to the day of her disappearance where she made sure the police would find her blood and Nick the many written clues that she hoped would enlighten him to where she might be and what she has done. But, will he figure it out before the police? Will he realize what she did? These clues as he puts it are Amy's treasure hunt clues leading to a path you just won't believe.Her plan was to fake her disappearance and frame him for her murder as Nick reveals in part two. Little does he know that Amy saw him and another woman in his place called The Bar. How nave of him to think he'd get away with it. In her own words using the title of her parent's book he had single-handedly de-amazed Amazing Amy. Just how would she make herself Dead Amy? Just how she stockpiled money is quite ingenious and what her plan is devious to say the least. Added in she is in a hideout and finds out she is pregnant but she has met so many different people where she is hiding and her mind seems to have snapped as she shares her plans with others and hears what they really think of her. Then more comes out about Amy as false charges are stated not only against Nick but someone else saying he raped Amy. Added in someone else enlightens him about more. So, Amy goes one step further not to be found and calls the tip line sending them in the wrong direction. Nick's heartfelt confession played all over the air. As Amy turns to an old friend for comfort and help and we move to part three where all elements of surprise are no longer there and she returns. Just how she returns and Nick's reaction you might be startled and surprised to learn. Sharon Schieber will interview you on television, reporters, blogs and tons of publicity just to frame him for her murder. So, why does she decide to return. Why not stay missing? The clues are simple: Pictures Amy, Nick, Andie, pregnancy tests and unpaid bills. She set him up perfectly. So, after the interview why does she decide to return? Gone Girl: 40 days gone and what happens next he's arrested? Then he finds her on his doorstep looking like she was beaten. But, was she and why take her in? What really happened between her and Desi? What will the police learn when the see him? What did she do? Will she get away with murder? The ending will come as a definite surprise and the final outcome will not be what you might expect. Why does everyone believe her word? Why didn't the police realize that she's a psychopath and needs help? Just how does she frame Nick? What does he decide to do?Gone Girl has many characters that add color to the plot. The group she hides out with, the police, Go, his straightforward sister, and her parents who lead the way for the reader to know that they along with Amy are superficial. Reporters that are hungry for a story. Police detectives that need retraining.This is one marriage that will make you think about the definitions of dysfunctional, psychotic and revengeful. Why do these two feel that they owe each other anything? Why does Nick think he failed? Why does Amy feel entitled?Author Gillian Flynn brings to light many issues that some face today as we learn about deceit, betrayals, distrusts, greed, hate and one woman who felt that she wanted it all but went about it in a unique and dangerous way. Gone Girl not just physically but in more ways than one. This is one novel that will definitely keep you thinking and make you wonder if the author added one more chapter what would be in store for Nick next?
It's been a while since I've found an author who makes me want to read all her books, and this one is so good.Read every word, don't skip anything, and enjoy!
Wow what a page turner this one is.  Spoiler alert, I never saw a lot of this coming.  I would have liked a little different ending but enjoyed this one as well.
Has the tone of Dark Places, but a different setof characters.  Who is crazy at the end of thestory?
Brilliantly written mystery love-story. Full of surprises, it starts as one story, changes its tone, then changes it again. Written through the eys of both the wife and husband, we begin to wonder who the guilty party really is? It is very hard to put down this book, not only for its suspenseful plot-line but for Gillian Flynn's poetry of words. She also manages to tap into some brilliant home truths about relationships and gender battles. The only thing that bothered me with this page-turning thriller of twisty shocks, was the disappointing fizzle of an end. Nontheless, fabulous read and I would definitely read more of Flynn's work.
I loved the twists and turns in this book.  Left me on the edge and wanting more.  Total easy read
At first, I did not appreciate this novel because I found it too slow for my average pace. But, I am very happy that I had the patience to read through the entire story and not throw it away. This book makes you feel that you've got it all figured out but at the end of each chapter you'll realize that the mystery is not over just yet. This book is twisted and horrifying but fun and exciting at the same time.
Nick and Amy Dunne seemingly have a great marriage. Two young people in love with another - what else is there? But then on their fifth anniversary, Amy goes missing, and, as the investigation into their lives begins, it turns out their marriage was a long way from perfect, and Nick is suspected of foul play. But what really happened - is Amy dead and Nick a killer&#8230; or is something else happening here?Are you curious about reading Gone Girl? Don&#8217;t read any further. In fact, don&#8217;t read any reviews of Gone Girl if you&#8217;re planning on reading it - read the synopsis and then back off, because the less you know about this book going in, the more you will get out of it. Preferably go in completely cold and let Gillian Flynn&#8217;s tricks and surprises work to their full effect on you because they are effective if you don&#8217;t know they&#8217;re coming.So unless you&#8217;ve already read this or have no interest in reading it, or maybe you&#8217;re part of that rare breed of reader who doesn&#8217;t mind spoilers (bless you), carry on.Ok, spoilers ahead everyone, because I can&#8217;t talk about this book without giving away big reveals.Let&#8217;s address the biggest issue with this book: the characters. Because while it&#8217;s a heavily plot-driven story, the characters are the plot in a weird way, so talking about Gone Girl is a bit of an anomaly. Normally I&#8217;d say that it doesn&#8217;t matter whether a character is likeable or unlikeable but only realism matters - did the characters seem real to you? &#8211; which determines the quality of the writing, but because of the first person narrative and alternating voices of Nick and Amy, we get the plot from the characters so the two are intricately tied together like symbiotes. If the characters behaved realistically - which they don&#8217;t - Gone Girl&#8217;s plot wouldn&#8217;t work. Hell, the book wouldn&#8217;t even exist! But they remain poorly written, contrived husks to carry the story rather than actual characters.While there are no dragons or orcs, this book is pure fantasy. We&#8217;re supposed to believe that a woman like Amy exists or could exist? Someone whose entire life was a performance and that she fooled literally everyone - her husband, her doting parents for gods&#8217; sake! - besides a couple of people she revealed her true nature to? No, I&#8217;m not buying it. Nobody could live like she did, wearing masks and toying with people forever, without someone figuring out she was a sociopath and/or faking it; the two people who do only find it out because Amy tells them. It&#8217;s so stupid!And even though she&#8217;s set up as this criminal mastermind genius who literally gets away with murder, we&#8217;re supposed to believe she fooled everyone? Not just small town cops but federal agents and detectives? And that the ridiculously elaborate treasure hunt that implicated her husband as her &#8220;killer&#8221; with evidence that was so damning, could be waived away so easily and everyone just walk away believing her bizarre explanations? If the evidence itself could have potentially sent Nick to prison - even without Amy&#8217;s dead body - then there&#8217;s no way she could just wave her hands and make everyone believe otherwise. How is everyone taken in by this woman - is everyone blind and stupid?Nick is no better even though he&#8217;s innocent of murder. He&#8217;s deliberately coy with the reader, which is fine, but why is he this way with the police who believe he murdered his wife before dumping her body in the Mississippi river? Because he didn&#8217;t want them to know he&#8217;d been having an affair with a younger woman! Yeah, that&#8217;s much worse than MURDERING YOUR WIFE, YOU TOTAL IDIOT! But it needs to be this way to sustain the rather mundane first half of the book - if Nick came right out with his secret, there&#8217;d be no suspense driving the book to the big halfway reveal. This is why it&#8217;s problematic to make the characters the plot. Contrived much?And why would he hire Tanner Bolt, the Johnny Cochrane-esque lawyer in this world? He was innocent, he knew he was innocent, there was no body, and he had an alibi. Plus, seeing how easily Amy managed to convince police differently about the evidence, it probably wouldn&#8217;t have held up at trial. Hiring Bolt just made him look super guilty AND Bolt did nothing. Think about what happened from when he was hired to the end of the book - did he do anything? He talked for Nick to the police, telling them that he (Nick) believed his psycho wife was framing him (which she was), but any lawyer could&#8217;ve read lines. He&#8217;s &#8220;Tanner Bolt - the guy who swoops in and saves the guilty&#8221; and he did nothing at all for Nick. Bolt is a pointless character for a supremely dumb - but written so very deliberately by Flynn &#8211; &#8220;character&#8221;.But let&#8217;s give Flynn some credit - it is a compelling story and I did read all 463 pages of it. It keeps you guessing and, while you can feel that the first part of the book is building towards a big reveal, you don&#8217;t know what that is until you read the first page of part two. I never anticipated that and I don&#8217;t think I&#8217;ve ever read a book with that twist, so it&#8217;s original in that regard, and the many twists and turns the story took were unexpected and did keep me reading.However it&#8217;s definitely overlong by at least a third partly because, despite the reveal at the beginning of the second part, precious little happens in the second part and a lot of that stuff in the Ozarks could&#8217;ve been cut. Nick does next to nothing either besides hire Tanner Bolt who turned out to be a waste of time anyway.And I did like the ending, which seems to be something a lot of people are mentioning as bad and/or unsatisfactory. No - it was different and it was more memorable and effective than a predictable &#8220;bad guy loses/is punished&#8221; ending. Flynn challenged the reader with her ending to make them think about what it meant and did the unexpected - good stuff.That said, I&#8217;ve still got to get back to the &#8220;I can&#8217;t believe she got away with it!!!&#8221; angle. I just never bought the whole &#8220;Nick wanted to be a dad really bad&#8221; angle and the whole book becomes dependent on it. Gah&#8230; And think about how insane the whole setup was for someone as crazy as Amy to have gotten away with it: she wanted to punish Nick for cheating on her, so bad, that she was willing to have the state execute him and then kill herself! That&#8217;s taking the &#8220;woman scorned&#8221; saying to the Nth degree!And the motivation just baffles me. She wanted to make Nick so docile so they could continue a loveless and farcical marriage &#8211; and then introduce the responsibility of another life to look after? Whaaat?! This is another reason why I don&#8217;t buy Amy as a real character &#8211; who the hell would want that? I know Amy comes across as a sociopath (and she probably is) but I don&#8217;t want to write it all off as mental illness, that&#8217;d be too easy. I mean, she&#8217;s proven that she&#8217;ll go the distance for the most petty of things so maybe having a kid and using that kid as a weapon against Nick FOR HAVING AN AFFAIR is like her &#8220;character&#8221;, but is that something a sociopath would do? Are they that determined? Or maybe it is that easy &#8211; she is just a sociopath? I&#8217;m not psychologist so I can&#8217;t say whether this is symptomatic of sociopathic behaviour but it seems like a really long way to go.So it&#8217;s not a perfect novel. Flynn&#8217;s writing isn&#8217;t particularly incredible but it&#8217;s also not shoddy - it does what it needs to, much like the novel itself, which is a bumpy ride but I did for the most part enjoy the journey, though as you can see I had some reservations after finishing it that I had to vent! I wish it was shorter but I&#8217;m glad I read it. Flynn tells an original, though often unbelievable, story that didn&#8217;t grip me the whole way but gave me enough to keep me going until the final page.Because of the many problems with the book, I don&#8217;t want to give it four stars but it&#8217;s not a three star read either - 3.5 stars. But be prepared to suspend your disbelief far more than you&#8217;d have to compared to reading, say, George R R Martin - and his books are pure fantasy!
A book you cannot put down. The mind of this author to male this womwan do the unthinkable. It scraes me to think people are out there with this kind of mind. Hated the ending. She should of been put down
I loved this book!  It had been on my "to read" list for quite some time, so when my sister handed it over and said, "Tell me what you think," I jumped at the chance.  This book had me from the first page.  Just when I thought I had it figured out, BAM!  I did not have it figured out.  I love books that play with your mind, and this one is a masterful example of that.  Highly recommended!
While it kept my attention the ending left something to be desired--I think it was too hyped ahead of time!
Excellent book I found myself all through the book trying to figure out what was going on!  Surprise ending!  5 stars!
Again, a book that was recommended to me by Amazon that I thought..eh..but then I read it and YEAH!..If you like mystery and suspense and a whole lot of creepy..this is a great novel..I finished it in 2 days and found myself thinking about it for days after..the author does a phenomenal job of sucking you in and really getting into the minds of the characters...one of the best books I've read in a long time!
Intriguing, never could have predicted nor am I sure I like the end, but great read. First book I have read by this author, plan to read her others.
I found the format interesting and it kept me going all the way through. It really showed me how convincing a story can be.
I wish I had thought of this story ... I just thought it was a good summer read ... with two good characters.
Clever language prevails.  Imaginative similes and metaphors, but this novel is hampered by unrealistic characters who change personna at the drop of the need for a plot twist.  In the final analysis, a deserved punishment for the two unlikeable protagonists would be to have to read this book again and again and again.  Very slowly.
This writer kept me engrossed to the end and makes me want to read more of her works.  The NYT has has it on the best seller list for a long time.  It seems everyone I recommend it to is either reading it or has just finished.
Excellent writing, just not my genre.  Others in my book club LOVED it. My rating reflects the average--because there were several differing views.
Early on the story line lacked interest, everything fell into place too easily.  A few chapters later I couldn't put it down!!  Amazing twist at the end.  Great read!
This was a gift for my mother.  I had read the book previously.  I'm not much for popular fiction but very much enjoyed this.  It's not often I find a book that I cannot figure out every plot twist and turn before it happens.  This held my interest and was well written.  My mother is enjoying it also and it's nice to have a book we can discuss.
Two characters that you both love and hate at the same time.  I especially like that the book alternates between two points of view.
I think this is a really good book - great mystery but loaded with all kinds of stuff - very different plot.
I gave this a 3 because I really did not like the ending.  The suspense kept going until the end and the whole was twisted enough that I could'nt put the book down.  However, some of the twists were very unrealistic.
As I started reading Gone Girl I was thinking this is going to be just another run of the mill story but as I got into it it became more intriguing.  I didn't always find  it cohesive but I did enjoy it and was eager to find how it ended. The ending wasn't all it could have been though so perhaps a sequel is in the works.
I was very hesitant on starting this book since it was based of an marriage relationship gone wrong, since I am more of a mystery thrillers fan. But this book surprised me page after page. Gillian flynn's writing has an absolute new take on how a individual could think about their life partner, so much as that makes you feel a chill running down your spine. In the middle before i reached part two of the book, I didn't know if I should empathize or sympathize with the narrator. Since both the characters take turns on every chapter to have their very own personal view on marriage (which I loved), Gillian knew how to play with her words and form her own visions of dramatization.Since everyone had given their own personal synopsis on the story I wouldn't dwell on it much.It is a dark thriller which makes us question who do we really know in our lives?Can any of us be the true self and not a facade of personalities we try to pretend?Go for it if you like any sort of Dark mysteries.
This book lived up to the hype and its place on the Best seller list for so long.It moves along at a brisk pace as it examines the minds  and motives of the main characters. Just as soon as you think you've cracked the case, you haven't! gripping all the way to the end.
Once again over-hyped and just an okay book-I liked it but expected so much more. It was basically the same crazy woman story told another time.
To much - he said, she said. I would like to know how the author decided to write this book  and why did the author decide to write it in this manner! Could very well be very confusing at times.
I loved this book.  When I wasn't reading it, it kept calling to me to pick it up.  Why can't all books be this compelling?
This was a terrific book!  Great plot twists and suspense.  I have enjoyed all of the books by this author and will be anxiously waiting for her next one.  This is a must read.
I am angry I wasted my time and money on this ridiculous book. It started out with the illusion that it might be a good plot in the beginning however, soon you find yourself saying over and over again "What?", "No Way!". Totally unbelievable. I kept reading thinking the author must have a really clever way of wrapping up all the insanity. There was no wrap up, there was no ending. All the hateful characters and plot lines just stop. In the author's acknowledgements she writes that she got stuck when the book was 82% completed, and her editor had to help her finish it. She should have just stopped at 82%. I wish there was a way to get my money back after feeling totally manipulated and ripped off. Don't buy this book!
Good book - very hard to put down. I was expecting a twist, so wasn't too surprised when it happened. Good story, easy read, would recommend.
I can't believe how long I had this book sitting in my "to be read" pile.  If I had known how good it is, I'd have started reading it the day I brought it home.  It's a story about a woman's disappearance under suspicious circumstances and that is one layer of the story.  But it is also a story about two people and a marriage and that is a whole other layer.  Just when you think you know what makes them tick, the author throws another curveball and you have to re-think your assumptions. The pace and details of the book are really well done.I love mysteries and thrillers and this book, though different from most of the standard mysteries or thrillers I read, kept me riveted. The book is written from two different first person perspectives -- Nick and Amy. Nick's part starts in the present and Amy's part starts in the past.It's hard to explain why you like a book when nearly everything you can think of to say what you liked about it would spoil the suspense for people who haven't read it yet.  So I'll just give two pieces of advice -- or cautions.1st caution:  Do not skip ahead even one chapter while reading.  I mean it.  Even if you think you know what's going on and just want to check it out.  Every time there was a new twist or turn (and there are a lot of them!), I'd want to skip ahead.  But I resisted the urge and am very glad I did because it would have ruined everything.2nd caution:  Don't start this book with expectations.  It is a psychological thriller.  Most of the reviews from people who hated this book are because it didn't meet their expectations, especially their expectations for an ending that would make them happy.  But the ending will make you think and a book that makes you think is a very good thing.If you haven't read this book, you should.
This is  a well written book.  Full of suspense. I was hooked by the first chapter.  The story will keep you guessing until the end!
I enjoyed the book and did find it was quite a page-turner.  However, I didn't think it had a lot to say about relationships except the relationship between these two creative and warped souls.  It did, however, have some great suspense and gotcha moments that kept me swimming quickly through the book.  I agree with many others that the ending wasn't satisfying.  Still, it is a great way to lose yourself for a few hours on a lazy day or two.  Recommended.
after rereading the reader reviews of those. This book began really well for me, and I was devouring the book. But then, about 2/3 of the way through, it ran out of steam and I started skimming just to get to the end. It IS twisty at least till I gave up reading carefully, and then it just finished out the formula. By then the twisted (on so many levels) ending didn't even matter to me. Call me shallow, but by the end I only liked two secondary characters (Nick's Mom and sister, Go), and it takes more than that for me to enjoy a book. Glad I borrowed the hard copy from a friend and didn't pay for it.
I didn't like anything about this book.  It is the first one I have read of hers, but because my book club chose this I read it.  No one in my club liked any part of the book.  I would not recommend it to anyone
Thriller from the start with plenty of twists. It is a little different from what I. Used to reading but very good. Reminded me of my mother in some places. Just goes to show, you never really know who your marrying.
Dark, suspenseful, cant put it down, neurotic and realistic.Wouldn't recommend to anyone under the age of 21. Amazing writer she is.
Awesome.  Well written. Envious at such a great ability for storytelling!  I couldn't put this book down to get anything done.
Until the ending I would have just called this book good, but when I shut the book after the final page...wow! A really great read.
It was gripping and I didn't want to stop reading. Then it just ends. An unsatisfactory ending. And I thought, that's it? That's not even a conclusion. Brilliantly written, but horribly ended. For my tastes anyway.
couldn't put it down even though with each page I got more worried about how dreadful human nature can be!  Had to reach the end in the hopes that there would be some solace in it - ie they were freaks, there was some explanation to put my mind at ease... read it and find out - it's worth it!
I usually read everything that Entertainment Weekly recommends. Especially if they're in the bullseye. And I really had high hopes for this book. I wanted to love it. I just didn't. It was alright. The characters were alright. The crazy storyline was alright. The writing was good, but the rest....alright.
Just finished this book for book club.  Loved it.  about 1/3 of the way through I hated it and didn't want to pick it back up but I did and it was amazing.  gillian flynn really knows how to get her audience emotionally involved in all levels.  Very well written.  highly recommend this book!
Quite a page-turner. I didn't want to put it down. Gillian Flynn is a skillful writer and simply fun to read.
But it kept me reading ( more accurately skimming) til I got to the END! I don't think I will be reading any more of this author!
This fast paced book takes you in a roller coaster ride that is both exhilarating and disturbing. A great read!
Awesome book! The writing is So incredibly clever! The story took such a turn that I didn't see coming. People who gave it a 1 or 2 are nuts!  The ending was a bit weird but I still liked it. It is an ending that leaves you thinking and wondering. All through the book you keep wondering who is more nuts. How the author thought of the story line is beyond me!  Great idea to write from each of their perspectives. The detail she writes makes it sound so realistic. Little details that make her so clever.Look forward to your other books.
One of the most creatively written mysteries I have read. At times laugh-out-loud funny, there is never a dull moment, and the pages turn quickly. You will wish you hadn't finished!
This book reminded a little of Barbara Vine's work. A psychological thriller that leaves you really wondering about human nature. While the central protagonist, Amy, can seem a little far-fetched on occasions the author manages to make her, and her relationship with Nick, quite understandable some-how. Through out the book it was easy for the reader to understand the nature of their relationship despite the extraordinary circumstances.The author changes voice effortlessly, skipping from Amy to Nick and back again with clever cross references and enough mismatches to get the reader asking questions before they are answered.I think this is a brilliant piece of writing and thoroughly enjoyed it. Highly recommended.
A incredibly well written book, this has to be one of my favorites. It leaves you guessing and second guessing throughout the entire story, and the feelings you had about these characters in the beginning most certainly change throughout the book. You'll constantly be changing your mind about how you think the story will end, but you won't know what really happens until the last page. The best part is how real these characters are; there were several times I could've sworn I was reading a real event.. that I could just hop on Google, type in their names, and see their story on Fox News. By the end, though, you'll be glad they aren't real, because their dramatic story is very f*'d up. I couldn't put it down, and I'm very excited to see the movie come this October.
Great story. Really manipulated my emotions. Usually I figure it out, but this one got me. I felt emotional attachment to both characters, shared similar moments. I recommend this to anyone looking for a fast, well worth it read.
I could not put his book down from the very first page. Just when you think you have it down, there is another twist. Must read!
I read this book on a whim. I don't usually read mysteries (why I don't know, crime TV shows are some of my favorites) but this one caught my attention. It's not the fastest paced book but I didn't get bored because while there are some pretty intense things happening within the plot, the psychological standpoints of the characters are what really engaged me.I read a few reviews before reading the book that said the book made the reader jump because it was so intense, but that definitely didn't happen to me. In my opinion it's not an obvious make-you-jump thriller, but an intense, disturbing, realistic view into the skewed psyches of two people who are indisputably intertwined in a very destructive manner.If you're interested into a story with lots of twists and interesting, twisted-yet-believable characters, this is a great read.
I had some coworkers who read this as well and recommended it. I really liked it and couldn't put it down. Great book
Not the story I was expecting! Interesting characters and lots of plot twists made this a fast read. Very clever!
This is the perfect summer,winter,(any season!) read. It is easy yet very well written. I have laughed out loud a few times. Extremely intelligent author,obviously.
A rollercoaster ride.  Just when you think you've got it worked out, you're suddenly caring more about the other person.  Really good read
I think the is the best of flynn's novels. If you are going to choose just one get this one!
I'd say that through the first third or so of the novel, I was pretty intrigued, then gradually as the story unfolded I found myself feeling disappointed. Then came the ending and I wanted to pull my hair out. My colleague said it best, &#34;this is a book that you read and then fling against the wall.&#34; The writing itself is pretty solid but the way things were &#34;resolved&#34; didn't seem to fit. I'd say read it if you are achingly curious to see what the hype is about. You will likely be disappointed, though.
Liked the clever word usage but the violence was off-putting. Started out liking the main characters but by the end disliked everyone.  Turned out to be a creepy story with psycho character and dysfunctional families-a disappointing read.
I finished this book a month ago, and am still struggling with exactly how I feel about it. One thing is for sure: Flynn is gifted at understanding human nature, and conveying it effectively to words. All writers aim to do this, but very few succeed in the way she did. She also adequately balanced significant detail in her characters, without feeling like they were being handed to us. Despite understanding who each character was, the story never became predictable.The first half of the book was stunning. Building up to the second half, even though Nick is our narrator, we are still not sure what happened to Amy, and what his role in it was, or was not. That&#8217;s a difficult thing to sell, but it was done well.The second half (which I won&#8217;t spoil) almost felt like a different book altogether. Where the setup of the book had a dark, but steady undertone, this felt more like a rollercoaster ride. I still don&#8217;t know how I feel about the big twist here, but I do understand why Flynn ended the book the way she did. While not exactly satisfying, it makes sense in that it was true to the nature of the characters.Overall, this was a book that kept me reading, and guessing, until the end. For that, and the colorful writing, I would definitely recommend it to others.
I am still trying to find a rival to this book!Let me start by saying, I don't read mystery books. This book, however, should not be passed up - no matter what genre you usually read.Gone Girl was intriguing and riveting from beginning to end.  There was a lot of humor and definitely a lot of suspense.This book takes some wicked twists and turns! Unlike most books I was unable to predict the outcome and the ending was frankly shocking.This book qualifies for a re-read, which is very rare for me to do these days!
Half way through I thought .. I'm hooked please don't end badly.. every part of this page turner gave promise to a brilliant end and not an obvious end cause there were so many ways it could of gone... I even thought oh there must be a follow up book.... is there?????? No just a bad bad end.. what a pity :(
FINALLY read Gone Girl!  I've been hearing about this book for the longest time, not really knowing totally what it was about, but I felt like EVERYONE had read it and it had gotten great reviews.  I try not to read amazon reviews BEFORE reading the book because of spoilers.  I'm not going to give any spoilers away.....just know it is a must read....definitley kept me guessing the WHOLE time!!  I didn't know what would happen next!!!  I got this on my kindle, and when I pressed the screen for the next page, it was over all of a sudden....I had to click back to make sure I didn't go to far, because, really, it wouldn't end this way??!!!  But it did.  I could definitely think a sequel would be great (after that cliff hanger)....but then again...after knowing the characters, you KNOW what's going to happen next, so it almost was a perfect ending.  I have mixed feelings.Overall...great book.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn is a thrilling novel featuring a sociopathic spouse and the lengths they will go to in order to get what they want.It all starts when Nick Dunne's wife Amy goes missing. Amy is not just any ordinary wife, she is the inspiration for the Amazing Amy, a series of children novels written in tandem by her parents Rand and Elliot.At their home, evidence of a struggle and blood that has been messily cleaned up leave the police with little to no clues in regards to her whereabouts. The story slowly begins to unravel and the reader is taken on a roller coaster ride of whodunnit.I thought the novel was devious. It was my very own dirty little secret. Completely irredeemable characters with psychotic tendencies. I think that's what  kept me reading til the very end. Gillian Flynn really gave a bit of a glimpse into a killer's mind.-Sarahhttp://nobodyputssarahinthecorner.com
This was a page turner. I enjoy books I cannot predict. Once I finished this one I bought 2 other books by this author.
This book hooked me right away & I couldn't put it down! I started it one day & finished it the next!
Couldn't put it down, lost too much sleep this week since stayed up to read. :). A few missing details would have pulled story together better, but overall, really enjoyed it!
The writing definitely was subpar but yet the story was intoxicating most of try way thru. I enjoyed it and couldn't put it down til I was done
I would give this book a 4.5 out of 5 stars mainly because although I loved the story, there were times where I felt it lagging a bit-like okay come on, we need to move this along just a little more and that is why I couldn't give it the full five stars. Also, the beginning was a bit dense and slow, and it made it difficult for me to truly dive into the story.However, what I did love about this story, I loved. First of all, the whole story was a big mystery and I am a sucker for mysteries. I want to know what is going to happen, why it is happening, and I need to know it all now-that need to know, was what made reading this story so enjoyable; yet, so frustrating at the same time. I also felt that my feelings about the book, mirrors Nick's feeling about the investigation as well-needing to know what was happening but having to wait day after day, as I did, page after page. I kind of saw the twist coming because of the set up of the story, but I didn't see the insanity of the plot twist at all. I was always kept on my toes by characters that I would never want to encounter in real life, but at the same time are so fascinating to read about. That's all I want to say before I get into the spoilers because that's where all the good stuff begins.[I wanted to start by talking about Amy's diary entries. Her voice in those entries were down right annoying and a bit fake. I mean seriously, who really talks like that? A fifteen year old girl? Maybe. A thirty something year old woman? No. Absolutely not. She seemed a bit crazy from the start, so I didn't really care much about her disappearance. Sounds harsh? I know :/ but the more I got to know Amy, the more I disliked her.With Nick, I felt the same way. By reading her diary entries, I thought to myself &#34;This man is horrible.&#34; And he is a horrible person-he is selfish, cowardly, and weak. But I did feel bad for him when I realized that he was getting framed. I never thought, not even once, that he killed Amy and I think that was the author's intentions. Like, here's this horrible man who has wronged his wife in so many ways, but did he kill her? Does he deserve what is happening to him?Amy's plan to frame Nick for her murder was down right brilliant. The woman really thought of everything. If she wanted him to suffer and go to jail, that is what would have happened. She is always ten steps ahead of the game, and it is crazy how her mind works. She may be crazy, but there is no denying her intelligence.The dual points of view between Nick and Amy was great-we get to read about Amy's scheming and then we flash forward to Nick's reaction to it all. These two characters BOTH see themselves as the protagonist of the story-the hero/heroine-and they see they other as the antagonist, and that aspect is really interesting. There is no clear cut &#34;good&#34;/'bad&#34; guy here. In fact, NO ONE in this story is likable or wholeheartedly good...this is a story about a bunch of messed up people, destroying one another while point fingers at who's worse than whom..These two people are so messed up, and cruel. The question is who is to blame in this? Was Amy always psychotic? Or did Nick drive her to be this way? This is all so subjective, and I like that the story ends on this devastating note-these two people who are the worst for one another, will never leave each other. They are both each other's poison but they have no choice but to be together because of their unborn son, which I hope Gillian Flynn will write a sequel about. I need more on this story, it's so wrong to be addicted to a story like this...but I think that's what makes it so enthralling.
This was a selection made by my book group, and I'm certainly glad it was chosen! From one moment to the next, I never knew what was around the corner. Great book!!!!
Finally a book I could not put down! This one will keep you guessing until the very end. Very clever with lots of twists & turns.....LOVED it :-)
This book was great.  I am sad that the author doesn't have more novels out there.  I devoured this book.  The ending was so perfect that it didn't have you hanging for more...except another story as good.  Certainly the best work of fiction I read this year.
The writing and originality of this book were incredible. I couldn't put it down. That being said, I hated it. Hated the characters and the way the story ended. It was actually disturbing to me. I'm very conflicted though because the writing was outstanding; I wish it had been directed at characters and a plot that I didn't hate.
You never know what is going to happen next and you aren't sure what happened when you finish the book! A real page turner!
I absoutely loved most of this book. The characters were well defined and the author did a great job of creating a visual in the readers mind. However, with all the back and forth i started getting exhausted with this book in the last 1/3. I finished the book because i wanted to see what happened, and the ending was extremely disappointing. I suppose they both got what was coming to them, in the end, but a disappointment nontheless.
Had a hard time getting in to it at first but once I figures out what I was reading and how it was plotted out, I enjoyed it. Will read another by this author.
Maybe that was the author's goal and if it was she succeeded. I absolutely hated both of the main characters and didn't even really like any of the supporting characters. The story itself was riveting and surprising - I definitely wasn't expecting any of the things that happened. Every prediction that I had was way off. But I just wanted to like someone - I wanted someone to root for. I guess I was rooting for both of them to fail. Page turner for sure, but I was left feeling sort of hollow at the finish.
Well written and interesting for the first half. The psycho bitch became overwhelming and there was not one sympathetic character.  A waste of time.
This book has more twists and turns, ups and downs, and plot reversals than the average reader can follow.  You're convinced who the villan is, and then it's not.  You're convinced who the victim is, and then it's not.  Very strange and very hard to follow, but at the end, it's worth it.
My ex-wife recommended this book to me.  I started it and thought, &#34;Geeze, do I want to read this stuff?&#34;  She then told me to keep going.  Wow!  What a surprise!  I loved this book and laughed at the truths it presented all the up to the last page.
This is by far the best book I read in 2012 (and I read a lot!)  Flynn has a wonderful, tight writing style, and the story has so many twists and turns that I couldn't put it down.
I loved the first half of this novel/thriller - it's smart, well-written and the author does an outstanding job of switching from husband [Nick] to wife [Amy] giving  each a unique voice.  For the reader, allegiances switch back and forth depending on the POV [point of view] which  truly reveals a gifted  writer.  The way Nick's story unfolds in the present, often humorous, never dull, and Amy's story via  a diary which takes us backward to move us forward in time is ingenious and works very well. The reader can't wait until the two collide in the present. Unfortunately, the second half of the book is not nearly as well written and overflows with crude language. I'm not sure why the clever spot-on writing of the first part had to degenerate into cheesy, run of the mill writing all too typical of 21st century prose.  After the initial tension over what really happened starts to unfold, the novel, story and characters become increasingly difficult to enjoy.  Events don't illicit as much interest and lack believability.  The great character development in the first half falls victim to a messy game that simply doesn't ring true.  Ultimately, one doesn't like any of the characters and puzzles over what really motivates them.I wish the author had taken a different approach to resolving the tension of the story instead of getting lazy and making the characters sad caricatures. They were so much fun, intriguing even, in the beginning!
The last half of this book totally redeemed the book as a whole. It was excruciating getting through the first half of this book, very boring!!! Then all of the sudden a very interesting twist started and kept you intrigued enough to finish the book.Worth the price: Absolutely not!Would I recommend: Probably not.Will I read it again: NO
So many people loved this book so I read it. I found it to be predictable, boring and hugely unrealistic.  I don't mind unrealistic fiction as long at it is classified as fantasy or sci fi.  I love that!  All these years of being a sociopath and no one caught on?  The parents never suspected?  The police never punched one hole in any story?  The main character is surrounded by gullible people who never stand up.  It felt as if the author had pulled a few news stories and rewrote them by changing the names and the locations.  Maybe I expected too much going in, it just wasn't for me
What a wonderful mystery, such a suspenseful, shocking and totally crazy wicked story!  Loved, LOVED it - to the very end.
This was an excellent book...a &#34;page turner&#34; as they say.  I'm not familiar with this author, but I would look into other books written about her.
WOW, I get what all the hype has been about. You will never look at marriage the same again. Can't wait to read more from this great author!!
A friend of mine recommended this with the words "You have to read this book, it is insane!" and I am struggling to find a better word than insane (in a good way) to review this book.An author I had never heard of until I heard of the phenomenon sweeping the nation that was the must read book of Gone Girl.  To me, this was enough to put me off reading it.  I hate books that are so hyped up that every bloody person is reading them but I trusted my friend and put my name down on the library hold list to read this book whenever it became free.  I was number 297 on the hold list so I left it there didn't hold my breath and got on with my life.Anyway, just before Christmas I dully got the email from the library saying it was waiting to be picked up.  I very nearly didn't read it as I had a number of other books lined up waiting to be read (not in the usual way general way but in a more specific plan for various groups and series).  Obviously, I did end up reading this or I would be reviewing fresh air!It is insane.  The story keeps you sucked in throughout and wanting to read just one more chapter, which was very easy as the chapters were varying lengths but all quite short.  To'ing and Fro'ing between Amy and Nick in each chapter it sets out a story of a whodunnit where you alternate between liking and hating each of the two main characters in equal amounts as you read another chapter.  At first I had no idea where it was going so the first twist was quite a surprise.  The second twist a bit predictable but I thought that was the point to keep you wondering how it was all going to end.The ending was the weakest part as it felt slightly unfinished to me, although I get that was probably the authors point.  It just somehow was missing something for me.  Definitely a good book but not the best in the world. 4 out of 5 for the sheer uniqueness of it.
This book was a real page turner and held my interest with all the twists and turns like a true psychological thriller is supposed to do.  However, the abrupt and lame ending left me disappointed.
What a waste of time.  The first 4 chapters were enchanting.  Downhill from there.  I can't believe this bookis so popular. Every "Gone Girl" reader I know shares my opinion.  A ridiculous ending.
This book wrapped itself around me for two days, and after I finished it, I felt a bit disoriented, like I'd woken from a lucid dream. I recommend it to anyone trying to write suspense; it should be on a suspense writing class's reading list. Also recommend to anyone who wants to get lost in a mysterious, often disturbing story.
Like others have commented, the ending was not satisfactory.  It's not just that it was not a "happy ever after" ending, but the last fourth of the book seemed to spin out of control with Flynn trying too hard to make it bizarre. I was going to recommend it to my friends, but now will not.  Too bad, I was loving it for awhile.
I'm going to keep this brief because I don't want to spoil anything. I'll just say that I thought the plot pacing was fantastic and I loved the way that Flynn fleshed out each character and made them believable. I found Gone Girl to be a captivating read and I read it within 24 hours of my purchase.A lot of people are giving this book low ratings because the ending didn't wrap everything up in a nice, perfect package. If you can get past the lack of a tidy conclusion, definitely pick this one up.
This is a great book, no doubt about that. As you can see, most readers have been very pleased with this book, and for good reason. The writing is crisp and authentic, the story keeps you guessing, up until the middle (which the author intended), and the momentum is fantastic. Really, a very compelling story from start to finish. Having said that, it would seem that a five-star rating would have been appropriate, and this novel did nearly win a five-star rating from me...nearly. Unfortunately, the end left much to be desired. In fact, I'm not sure I've ever read such a well written book, with such gripping characters, that fell so short in the end.I sped through the last few chapters, certain the end would live up to the rest of the book. I couldn't wait to see the appropriate character get what they deserved, and boy, certain characters deserved a truckload of payback, only that didn't happen. It's as though the author just...well...kind of lulled in the end, maybe not certain how to conclude her story. I mean: come on! Such horrid, vapid, awful, exquisitely written characters, and in the end, nothing happens. Nothing at all. Gillian Flynn takes us on this magnificent ride--makes us feel so much for these people, and so much hatred for certain characters--only  to bring us to a slow, anticlimactic ending.All in all, this book is great. I just wish the ending had offered up some kind of conclusion.
The story starts painfully slow,but then keeps getting better....an interesting idea,which I may well employ in some form if my spouse decides to piss me off sufficiently....so you,ve been warned babe.....better behave or you will regret it very much
Brief summary and review, no spoilers.This is a difficult book to summarize without spoilers, but I will do so because part of the fun of this novel is to be surprised by all the twists and turns.The story is told in alternating chapters from the POV of the two main characters, Nick Dunne and his wife, Amy Elliot Dunne.  Amy's chapters are from her diary entries which begin before she and Nick marry. We know from the start that Amy is missing and it appears that she has been violently kidnapped from their home on their 5th wedding anniversary.The book itself is divided into three sections. In the first section, we are given some of the history of the relationship between Amy and Nick, and we able to read about the conflicts and strife that make up their marriage.  We know that Amy and Nick moved from their affluent home in Manhattan to  his childhood home in the midwest. Both Amy and Nick lost their jobs and Nick now helps run a bar he owns from money from Amy.The second section of the book - and this is where I don't want to summarize anymore because it would give away some key plot points and twists. Suffice it to say that you may want to go back and reread some of what you read earlier. I think the author does a masterful job here in making us rethink the story, and the personalities of those involved.I have read all of Gillian Flynn's books and I think she's a terrific suspense writer. This one started off a little slowly to me, but by the second part of the book I was fully hooked and read the rest it in one sitting until the end.Again, without giving anything away, I think there are going to be a lot of opinions about the ending.Recommended.
I found this book to be slow and disturbing.  I did not find one character that I could like - even a little. I like a story with likeable characters that you have an investment in - not even the supporting characters made me want to root for them.  The premise of the story had so much potential, but the story just seemed to be all over the place that I lost interest about half way through.  It seemed like the author hated women, which is funny since it was written by a woman.  I am sorry to say that I would not recommend this book.
This is the first book I have read by this author and I have to say she is a great story teller.  I enjoyed this book and couldn't wait to see where it was going. I thought I had the book "figured out" as to who dunnit just short of the half way point.  Well, that wasn't the full picture, nor the full journey the book was going to take you on.  There were many other layers yet to go to my delight. And it certainly didn't end the way I thought it was going to.The book is about a couple who have been married for 5 years and have already run into the rut of not giving your all anymore. Amy and Nick have gone through some rough spots lately in losing their jobs.  Amy had a trust fund from her parents due to a series of books they wrote based on Amy more or less.  They end up having to give a good chunk of her trust fund back to her parents, and leaving them to move back to Nick's hometown to help with his sick parents.  Amy is a city girl, born and raised.  It's an adjustment for her to move to a small town that is on the decline.  There they use the last of their money to buy a bar in order for Nick to have some kind of job.  Things get even more stale for this couple.  Then Amy disappears....gone out of the blue.  Her disappearance is suspicious to say the least.  From there you will have to read the book to know the twists and turns the investigation takes.  How the story ends up, you'll be surprised.  Enjoy!
Loved this psychological drama.  Hated the ending.  Kind of like the author ran out of steam at the end and just gave up.  I wanted to write another three chapters so readers wouldn't be left hanging in the air.
You need to read this. It grabs you by the heart! I loved it so much, now I would like to see the movie
I just finished Gone Girl and am left shaking my head. Although the foundation of the story could have been interesting, the writing was so tedious and, I'm sorry, childish, that the idea got lost. I don't understand the rave reviews, and I don't understand how it has topped book charts for so long.Maybe this is what modern writing has become. Flynn may be an author, but she is not a writer. There is nothing unusual in her word choice. There is nothing compelling about her pacing. Most authors who are not real writers are at least good storytellers, like John Grisham. Flynn is neither.If you want to understand writing, REAL writing, read Pat Conroy's "My Reading Life". He talks about the great writers who influenced him and very specifically why. He has notebooks of interesting words, turns of phrases, ideas. Then he masterfully, like an artist with words, creates vivid writing that absolutely leaps off the page. That is what writing should be.If writing like Flynn's becomes the standard, count me out.
This is one of those books I would never have read if I hadn't been going on a loooong plane journey. And for that, it was perfect: addictive, not requiring too much brain power to follow the twists and turns. I was hooked early on, and read voraciously until the (yes, annoying) end.Having said that, this is also one of those books I ended up cursing, because it could have been so good if it hadn't gone so badly wrong. Still reading? Okay, here are my gripes, and they do contain spoilers, so you've been warned!1.) Amy. Yes, she was fun to hate, but ultimately she was irritatingly unbelievable. You all know the term Mary Sue? Well, Amy is the anti-Mary Sue: so good at being bad that I stopped believing in her long before the book finished. Don't get me wrong, I love the Amy's-a-sociopath twist as a concept, and didn't even find it predictable. But as it played out, Amy's character became more and more impossible. No one is good at everything, yet Amy is apparently knock-out gorgeous, MENSA smart, and so charming that no one ever questions the certifiably bizarre things that happen to her. She's able to get the best of everybody, all the time, and I think that's why the book's ending annoyed so many people, including me. It's not just that we expect the villain to get her just deserts, it's that she doesn't even have to struggle not to get them.2.) Amy's parents. Never mind that their bestselling book series would never get off the ground in Real Life, how can two well-educated psychologists fail to notice that their daughter is a sociopath? Even allowing for a bit of denial, given their stillbirth history, it's hard to believe they never noticed anything weird about their daughter's recurrent victimhood. Parents know when something's not right, and parents of sociopaths generally admit to having known, even if they never spoke up before the proverbial s--- hit the fan.3.) Amy's disguise. So she dyed her hair, put on glasses and gained a few pounds. The woman is all over national T.V., and more to the point, the people in the hotel admit to watching the news stories about her. They are suspicious of her and ultimately steal a lot of money from her. Did they seriously never click that this was Amy?4.) Amy's planned suicide. Really? I mean, REALLY? This woman would never actually kill herself over a cheating husband. What would be the point? Where would her satisfaction in revenge come from if she dies as well? Makes no sense.5.) Desi. Another apparently clueless victim. Yeah, he thinks she's hot and he's a bit neurotic to boot. But again, no suspicion of her after what went down with them in boarding school, and what he knows went down when she framed her husband for murder?6.) The fingerprints on the stuff in the shed. Amy hauled all of that stuff up to the bedroom and put her husband's fingerprints all over it and he never woke up? What about the forensic guys - wouldn't they see that these things had not been handled in the way a real, waking person would handle them?7.) The crowning glory, the pregnancy. First of all, she got pregnant mighty fast. But second, and most important, I can't see how she would ever have been able to do it without her husband knowing. I've been through infertility treatments. Unless you've signed something, both partners have to sign off on everything, every step of the way. So yes, I think in the end that the conclusion was a dirty trick.And so - an entertaining read, but so very, annoyingly flawed!
I really almost never dislike a book I'm listening to or reading, I almost never quit on a book.I started thinking &#34;I don't like this book&#34; after about 1/5 into it.By the time I was 1/3 into it I told my husband, I am reading this book inspite of not enjoying it to find out what happens.At 40% into it, I decided I had to stop. I still wanted to know what happened though - so I read some of the &#34;Spoiler&#34; reviews and discussions of the ending (which many said they hated).Well... now I know and I'm glad I quit reading it. What unpleasant people in it, sick behavior, disgusting events.
What a roller coaster. Great read overall. The story takes twists and turns. Whenever I had the ending figured out, a new development would unfold.
Reading GONE GIRL by Gillian Flynn was a bit like trying to eat an entire Hickory Farms summer sausage by yourself  You know the one; unidentified chunks of greasy meat and fat encased in a slimy skin that leave a lardy coating and garlicky tang in your mouth.  As you prepare to cut into it, you almost want to blow grits.  But then a small piece, followed by another, and then another and before you know it the obnoxious tube is gone, and it didn't taste half bad.  So it was for me with this sausage of a book.I didn't particularly like it but it grew on me the more I read.  Trying to make sense of my ambiguity has posed a real problem as I try to critique it.  The writing is good.  In fact, it's very good.  I didn't have trouble following the story.  The dialogue is crisp and vivid.  The characters are well developed and, for the most part, I understand the storyline.  But here's the problem.  The premise is so far out there that I don't believe a word of it.  The main characters, Nick and Amy Dunne, are such dimwits with so much self-absorption that they wouldn't be able to mentally function in any world that I know of.The story revolves around Nick and Amy's hatred so much that neither would be capable of performing the acts attributed to them by the author.  The acts themselves are so convoluted and malicious that a reasonable person would scoff at their very premise.  A pair of panties here, a bloody puppet leg there, a purse in the street, playthings with a sleeping man's fingerprints planted on them, a false pregnancy test with another woman's urine, a partially burned diary, and on and on.  No one, especially a psychopath, would ever be able to assemble all the elements Flynn has stuffed into her book into a believable chain of events..The early part of the book was especially difficult to digest; something like the first slices of the sausage.  Amy's diary entries were particularly troubling.  Who writes a diary like that?  Page after page of literary musing and specific detail that covers many years is not credible.  Short scribbled entries with large time gaps are more normal.  Of course, as the story progresses, the need for such a detailed diary is revealed.I must confess that my curiosity as to how it all ends, how the vitriol is expunged, who will emerge victorious, who will become scum, and how all the shenanigans will be played out kept me in the book until the end (an ending that was as preposterous as the rest of the story).I recommend this book to those with tolerance for graphic language, the urge to punish someone, admiration for characters with mean spirits, and those who like sausage.Schuyler T WallaceAuthor of TIN LIZARD TALES
I wish I would have known that Gillian Flynn is known for leaving open ended books.  If you like a lot of closure at the end of a book, this one is not for you.
I don't understand the rating of some reviewers?  I stopped reading halfway thru and went looking on internet for the conclusion of the book. Found my answer. Didn't like the characters and didn't like the ending.  I understand there will be a movie made out of the book with a different ending. I will not go pay money to see it. Yes I finally finish it, but took me forever.
Hard to put down, but very disturbing.  Scary to think someone that diabolical could exist, but probably does.  Kept me on the edge of my seat.
This book started off a bit slow, but do not quit because this is a piece of work. Gillian Flynn does not just write a book. She creates life into her characters more than others. You can tell that she takes her writing seriously with her facts and story lines. I absolutely loved her.
I found "Gone Girl" by Gillian Flynn to be an extremely clever novel. Throughout the book, she takes you on twists and turns that keep you second guessing your assumptions the entire way! While I did not find any of the characters in the book to be likable, in fact, each one had series character flaws, and no visible moral fibers, it still made for very good reading.
Perhaps this book is for a younger person, as I am in my sixties.  The story line seemed &#34;sick&#34; to me.
This book was pretty fantastic! I've read Gillian Flynn's other two novels, and I've enjoyed them. Although I don't know if "enjoyed" is really the right word. They are very dark, twisted and creepy. "Gone Girl" is no exception, but I did find it less dark than her first two, which isn't a bad thing. This book appeals more to the mainstream, but it's still pretty dark, and well-written, and okay I will use the word enjoyable. I kept turning to my partner to say, I have to tell you what just happened...The story is told from two different points of view. Flynn does a wonderful job of giving unique voices to these characters. There is a big twist near the middle of the novel. It wasn't totally surprising, but it does change the pace of the story, and things pick up after that.I'm not sure how I feel about the ending. I still have to give it some thought to see how I feel about. Totally worth checking out, if you like mystery, suspense, and dark, twisted novels.
Who did what to whom?  Don't want to give away the plot, but this book will take you through a marriage that (like most marriages) is an E-Ticket ride.  I definitely kept turning the pages till the end -- had to see how Gillian Flynn ended the book.  At times you don't know who to root for and who to hate.
At first, I was engrossed in the book. There is a lot of suspense which drew me in. Soon it became evident that the author was just a suspense junky. Why try and develop any characters when you can just make everyone crazy?The main character is so unlikeable after the first section I wished I could reach into the pages and shake her. After the initial twist when you find out what time of person she really is, everything is quite predictable.People had compared this book to She's Come Undone by Wally Lamb. I was intrigued since that is one of my favorite books. There is no comparison. Wally Lamb has great character development and the reader begins to sympathize with even the most undesirable characters. Gone Girl cannot be compared. This was a waste of my time. I cannot believe so many people like this book. Then again, people enjoy Harlequin Romance novels, so I guess I shouldn't be surprised.If you want to finish a book and be frustrated and annoyed, this is the book for you.
....when I cannot put a book down, take off work to read, that is a great sign of a good read.  Gone Girl was that kind of a wild ride.  Loved it, great fun, keep wondering, some predictability, but next turn, wow.  Loved the whole package - cover to cover.  Well done.
I really enjoyed this book.  The back and forth perspective and evolution of plot was interesting.  Some of the thought processes that each main character possessed were actually recognizable threads (albeit some of them a little extreme!).  I am surprised by the 3.5 star average.  The more I read, the more I became obsessed with knowing more.  Reminded me a little of the movie "War of the Roses" at the end.  Very enjoyable!
What's up with this twisted couple?  I suppose someone out there has a marriage like this. But I sure wouldn't want to put this idea in their heads.
Like others have said, slow start but does get moving and pull you in.  There's plenty of great twists and turns.  Especially if you like a good diabolical gal who really puts some extensive brain work in ;).  Some compared this to 50 shades, in my opinion, not much in common there.  Overall I would recommend if you are done with the 50 trilogy grab this one, you'll like it too and you'll read the whole book once you are drawn in for sure!
I get the appeal of quirky characters, but these two are just sad and depressing.  I'm glad at least I got it through the library or I would be depressed too.
I bought this on my Kindle late last night and finished it just now, this afternoon.  It is not a short story--I just was hooked.  Couldn't put it down.I've read in the reviews complaints about the ending, but I thought it was quite fitting.  I won't say more though... too many reviewers spoil the fun of discovering the book the way it was meant to--by reading it.I've read close to 200 Kindle books in the past few months, very few were notable enough to even bother reviewing.  So I usually don't.  But this is one book I'll definitely recommend.
Wow the ending doesn't feel like an ending.  Overall it was good and not very predictable. I would say it's worth the cost!!
I won't give too much away by saying that this book had me fooled almost to the end.  Wow!  This was a really fun book to read.  Totally different twist!  If you like this book try reading Blood for Oil by Michael Kelley.Blood for Oil
I really enjoyed Gone Girl.  I read this suspenseful page-turner in just a few sittings.  Flynn has the gift of infusing the mundane, every day world with mystery and paranoia, flipping suburbia over to expose it's dark underbelly. I highly recommend this.
The premise of this book is wonderful and well constructed.  As others, don't want to say more than I need to or I'll mess up the read.  The author did seem to lose her steam.  I kind of thought she couldn't get herself out of a corner.  But I liked it.  Right to the end.  She kept me thinking and on my toes along with her characters.
I am not going to say that there were not times when I was reading this book when I thought to myself that it was going to be a train wreck. However, I ended up realizing that the author knew exactly what she was doing and that once you find out some important details, you end up marveling at her ability for communicating information through the style she uses in different parts of this book.Most people are familiar with the premise, marriage gone bad, wife disappears, and the husband is the main suspect of foul play. To tell you the truth though, I don't think this is the central point of the book at all. I think that the mystery is only an excuse to tell the readers about the ways in which a marriage can go awry. That is why even though you can pretty clearly figure out what happened one third into the book, and the author spells it out shortly after half the book is done, the appeal remains. It is more important to understand the why that to figure out who did what.I liked the use of alternating the first person narration between the husband and the wife. It starts with the husband talking about the time immediately before and after the disappearance, and the wife talking about when they met and how things progressed from there.I have seen many complain about the ending, but I thought it was brilliant. If it had come to a conclusion in a different way I would have felt that it was out of character with the rest of the story. I applaud the author for the guts to &#34;keep it real&#34;. The only reason why I took half a star away has to do with some loose ends the author left through the story, but compared to all the things she did right, it is a minor gripe. This is definitely a novel worth reading!
Well written, fast paced, and well executed.  This is one amazing story full of smoke and mirrors where everything is not what it seems, wait...or is it?  A roller coaster of a ride that peaked where it wasn't expected and never really came back down to the bottom.  Everything negative that I have read mostly has to do with the ending.  Well...I don't want to give anything away, but in a Basic Instinct kind of way it entirely made sense to me and never failed to let me down.  Read it.
I did not enjoy one page of the book. I found it disjointed and unpleasant actually.Would not recommend it to anyone.
Stories where bad personalities are just &#34;bad,&#34; are disappointing.  In this story, Flynn really demonstrates how the warped thinking of her antisocial story character works.  This makes the story ever so much more enjoyable.
So many good reviews it makes me wonder how much to rely on many. Who wants to know the thoughts of neurotics?
Very well written. Thought provoking.  Ending was not expected.  Don't know if I really liked the ending but enjoyed the book very much.
I deleted this novel after getting but a third of the way through it. I found no characters whose fate I was interested in. The writing struck me as forced and harsh. And what finally turned me off was when the author had her principal character, the husband, Nick, tell totally unnecessary and weakly motivated lies to the police. She might as well have hung a sign on him saying, "Hey, I am supposed to be prime suspect." x
This novel was utterly a waste of time.  Characters were shallow, superficial and unlikeable.  Plot was not interesting enough to finish the book.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.  Rather, if someone wants this kind of entertainment, watching it on cable tv programming would be more of a stimulant.Very disappointed, and feel it was also a waste of money.
- the literary darling of the summer.  Rave reviews.  Recommended to me by two friends.  URGH!@#$%^  I truly HATED it.  I read to escape.  If I want to hear about horrible people doing horrible things, I will watch the evening news.  If I want to read clever snarkiness, I'll go back to Jessica Darling Series - fun without the creepies.
This book had me guessing at every turn of the page. I started to think this is one of the best written books I've read in a long time and I read a lot. I never give anything away in my reviews unlike others who think review means summary I understand the definition of REVIEW.  So if you want to read a very interesting book with just as many twists as pages this is your book as long as you can accept the book could be 5 stars if it wasn't for the last 2 pages. I dropped it to a 3 out of pure irritation.
I am a huge audio book fan, so i listened to this book instead of reading.  The audiobook was GREAT and the actors who read it were amazing.  Now, having said that, the book was the CRAZIEST ride and while I have to give kudos to Gillian Flynn, how on earth can you be THAT creative to dream up Amy Dunn, the supersociopath???  I just have to believe that Ms. Flynn is a bit "socio" herself to even come up with a character so perfectly insane.  I have never been so satisfied and infuriated all at the same time and I've read a LOT of crime novels.  I've read so many of the reviews and how people feel let down at the end.  I share that feeling and Ms. Flynn will only be redeemed if there is a sequel.  So,  If you're on the fence about reading this, please do.  I bet you will have the feeling of "let down" at the end, but the ride is sooo worth it. And I think anyone who enjoys a good novel should definitely have the pleasure of being introduced to Amy Dunn.
I couldn't believe it wouldn't get better, but I was really wrong! I will not be likely to read another book by this author.
I enjoyed this book way too much. An excellent, modern-day, love-hate story that you just can't put down. Lots of fun and interesting characters. Well worth the time.
A real page turner that really kept you guessing.  The ending was surprising but, admittedly, a little disturbing as well.
The book started out great, then dropped off and I was skimming pages.  I was questioning the "best seller" category and then the ride took off again and am I ever glad I stayed the course. What makes this a great read is that the ending is not what you expect but couldn't be more true to life for these two.
If you have a weekend to kill, this book is perfect! Couldn't put it down. I was skeptical at first but wow...
WOW...... what a great book. Unbelievable how things can turn out.Just goes to show people are not what they seem........its a shame sometimes
A friend recommended this book and it sounded odd. However, I read the first few pages on Amazon and I was hooked! I don't usually buy novels in hardcover but it was so fantastic, what could I do!  Ms. Flynn's writing is beautiful and she really knows how to turn a phrase. The story is addicting, but so the writing. Buy it buy it buy it!  You will not be sorry.
I read a lot!  This book is truly unique and I love that!  It was quite unpredictable, lots of twists and turns that surprised me.  It is a pretty awful story but very entertaining.  I am wondering if someone will turn this into a movie?I
I just started the book and found it interesting  The more I read the better it got.  I got out of bed at 5AM today, no sleep just read.  Great book
My eyes are red. I'm tired. Couldn't stop until it was over. Also a very good manual on how not to be a married couple.
I really liked this book, but after the first chapter, realized I had read it before.  Re read it anyway, as it had been awhile and I couldn't remember the details.  Good psychological thriller.
I thought this book was really well-written; the story hooked me right away. However, as the story developed, I began not to like the main characters at all. The ending was abrupt and by that point I just wanted it to end. So, overall a good read when on an airplane, but nothing to knock your socks off.
Gone Girl took me through the loops of emotion as I learned more and more about the characters! I couldn't decide if I wanted to love them or despise them. The unexpected twists and turns made this hard to put down.  I want a sequel!!!! I want to find out how it really ends!
I love this book.  It really grabbed me.  I was recuperating from surgery and started this book one morning.  I spent the entire rest of the day in bed reading it, mesmerized.  What a page turner.  Immediately downloaded another book by this author.  It's a great, twisty story.
This was a good read, but its really not all its hyped up to be.  It starts off really well, but the ending could have been so much better.  think it will be better as a movie.
It's pretty much all already been said. LOVED the book. Couldn't put it down and then out of nowhere it just...stopped. I was reading it on my Kindle and didn't realize the 'end' was coming up so quickly. I actually thought something was missing from my digital copy at first. It's like the entire 'last chapter' never got written...or was lost. HUGE disappointment after a very enjoyable thrill ride. Not the lasting impression I wanted.
Seriously.... interesting plot twist. Wasn't expecting it, at all. Overall a good book. Shared with my sister, she agreed. I consider a book GREAT if I'd re-read it and I wouldn't re-read this. Too twisted.
I thought this book was good once you got a little into reading it, it was a little hard to follow at first but I did get into it and I liked it
Great book. Yea, it's another fictional murder mystery but the way in which it is written...in two view points, each chapter makes you keep turning the pages.  It's excellent!!!!
i think the writing of this book is good.  i just found myself completely despising almost everyone in the book and that made it hard to keep reading.
I enjoyed this book.  It took a long while to get into it, and then when I did, it definitely had twists and turns and all that!  HOWEVER, I think the ending was a total let down, I can imagine SEVERAL other options and ways to end this story other than how it did end.  I loved the twists and shockers, I wasn't thinking the way the story was going, and I love books that keep me guessing.Other than the slow start and the abrupt ending, it was a good read!
Gillian Flynn is fast becoming one of my favorite authors. This novel kept me on the edge of my seat from start to finish. Every time I thought I had one of the main characters figured out, a new (and believable) surprise awaited. No formula writing here -- this is character driving suspense writing at its best. I get lost in these characters the way I do in Stephen King's, though this story is quite different from one of his. The characterization is as strong, though. Love this book and can't recommend it highly enough. Read it before it becomes a movie.
Weird, weird book. Very surprised considering its popularity. Had to finish it, though, and it was okay. I hate to say I wouldn't recommend it to a friend. Both characters were very odd and had several issues of their own. No real &#34;good guy&#34; I guess. Left me with a big ole question mark dangling at the end of this one.
Well written and gripping story. The first half I thought one way and the second half I thought another. It takes a talented writer to do that. It's a thrilling story, read it!
An enjoyable, quick read.  None of the characters are particularly endearing but they're not meant to be.  It was one of those books I really wanted to see to the end.
Gillian Flynn is easily one of my favorite top authors of today.  Having read all of her books, I love the way she weaves a deep dark mystery from the persona of every day people. She really digs into the psyche of her characters, almost to the point of insanity, those little recesses in the back of all of our minds that occasionally have us asking ourselves, "Am I crazy?"In Gone Girl, we explore a 5 year marriage between Nick and Amy.  With good journalistic jobs, both good-looking, living in New York, and a nest egg thanks to Amy's parents, they are painted as being a wealthy happy couple, so happy they make the middle class puke.  And then they get all the bad luck a blue collar reader would wish upon them.  Their jobs fall victim to the recession.  Amy's parents need to borrow money after some bad investments. Nick's parents get sick.  And the couple finds themselves moving to Missouri to help Nick's family and to open a bar with his sister. Suddenly, Amy is displaced and so is their marriage.Flynn captures the Midwest perfectly, beat up by the recession with its cookie cutter overpriced neighborhoods half empty and painted with For Sale signs, people out of work, malls and businesses closed up and abandoned.  It's a setting I related to well since I live in Missouri where all of her books take place.  But the recession is not the only reason Nick and Amy's marriage loses its magic.When Amy disappears on the couple's 5 year anniversary, we follow an investigation with all eyes leading to Nick. The book switches back and forth between Nick's point of view and Amy's - first from her diary entries and later from her own voice.  We see a marriage from the inside of each spouse's mind quite equally, and it is indeed like a ticking time bomb. Flynn strips the layers away like an onion and she doesn't spare any tears. She is brutally honest with her characters and with her readers, which makes this such an ugly but enticing read!The book turns into a game of cat and mouse.  The reader will despise Nick, but then you'll feel sorry for him.  And the same goes for Amy!  Back and forth, Flynn does a superb job of keeping the reader guessing throughout the whole thing.  I frowned early on when I thought I had figured it all out, and pages later it was like a hard slap across the face when I discovered I was completely wrong.  Definitely a page turner!
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn  is a lit powder keg.  Flynn writes a tight plot that keeps you on the edge of your seat.  Just when you start to think you know what really happened to Amy, it all changes on you.  After Amy disappears, we get two conflicting accounts of Nick and Amy's marriage.  The narration switches between Nick's inner monologue and Amy's diary.  Nick proclaims his innocence even as the evidence starts to stack up against him.  And Amy's diary entries may prove to be the most damning of it all.  But everything is not always what it seems and Flynn twists and turns the plot until the very end.However, I didn't LOVE this book as much as the rest of the world.  I always find it hard to really enjoy a book with no sympathetic characters.  Everyone is guilty of something.  But I can't deny that it is an exciting read and I was constantly surprised by the turn of events.  Especially the "Holy Crap!" part half way through the novel.  I was fully engaged in the story all the way through. But I found the ending to be a little weak (especially compared the earlier parts of the book).  And weirdly, I found it to be the most psychologically disturbing part of the book.Fair warning, also, that there is a lot of swearing and some vulgarity.  I'm not usually that offended by that kind of stuff, but some of it is ugly enough to bother me.
The storyline and characters were fascinating, and I loved the spot-on social commentary. I loved and hated the characters. I'm looking forward to reading another book by Flynn.
WELL. That was quite the imbroglio. What a fun/thrilling/strange/convoluted mess of a book. You know how it's accepted wisdom that you're supposed to be with someone who brings out the best in you? Well, Nick and Amy Dunn decided to do a 180 on that mantra and instead marry someone who brought out the worst in themselves. It's hard to say much without giving away massive spoilers, but suffice it to say that Nick and Amy were one screwed up couple (#trainwreck). It was sick yet intriguing to read their mostly revolting (but sometimes sweet) thoughts and feelings about one another. Their dynamic had me constantly switching sides on who I was rooting for, and it kept me guessing as to what actually happened.Even though their marriage had enough complexities to write an entire book about (oh wait, Gillian Flynn did!), you know what disquieted me most about their deranged relationship? I could relate to them at certain points. WHAT?! I know. I promise I'm not a psycho. I definitely (and thankfully!) can't say I've experienced the dark affections they had toward one another, but I can understand the attraction that results from being challenged on every front by someone of the opposite sex. Boring and predictable relationships, be damned!One more note, I listened to this on audio and absolutely loved it. Julia Whalen was perfect as Amy, and Kirby Heyborne was wonderful as Nick. I have self-diagnosed ADD/ADHD and struggle with getting distracted by All The Shiny Things when attempting to listen to audiobooks. Not so with Gone Girl! I even listened to it while on a few 3 mile runs and didn't get bored at all. It actually caused me breathing troubles a few times as different things unfolded. I couldn't manage running, breathing and being shocked all at the same time. Highly recommended!
I'm usually not a fan of most of the fiction that winds up atop the bestsellers list, but Ms. Flynn's novel is surprisingly good, aside from a third act that leaves the reader wanting more. It's not a perfect book, but it's far better than most stories written in this genre.  An entertaining read.
I was not able to put this book down at all!!!! So many twists and turns i didn't know what to believe. I really liked Nick and felt horrible on how played he really was in the end. At the same time Amy just blew my mind away! If you want a book that keeps you on the edge of your seat this would be one of them!
I was expecting this book to be better since there was so much buzz about it. It was okay- not one of the best books I've read. About 20 pages into the book I had already figured out what was going to happen, I just didn't know how it was going to end- and the end was horrible. I'm giving this book 3 stars because it is an easy read and it was clever. However, none of the characters have redeemable qualities.
Found this to be Suspenseful and unpredictable.  Very easy to read with no boring parts. Can't wait to read another by her.
I was fascinated by the story line, very unexpected. It was a real page turner. Excellently written, however a bit dark.
I've been wanting to read this book for forever, and when I finally did, it did not disappoint!!  I'd read reviews before about how it was a let down, predictable, disappointing ending...I didn't think any of those things!  I really enjoyed it.  Granted, it was not exactly what I expected, and it had kind of an abrupt ending!  But it has some really funny parts, especially the one phrase at the very end.  That was a great line!  : )
A wonderful thriller. I read it because so many people kept leaving reviews complaining about the ending so I wanted to see what the fuss was all about. I loved it. Ms Flynn is a great writer and this novel kept my attention from beginning to end. Wickedly awesome dialog as well.
I thought this was going to be another &#34;War of the Roses&#34;:  Dark, funny, quirky.  Instead, I found it to be dull, decidedly un-funny and depressing.  As a mystery-thriller, it was neither mysterious, nor exciting.  It was hard to like any of the characters.
Holy cow!Writing a review for this book without giving anything away will be tricky so this may be a shorter review.Nick and Amy are just hours away from celebrating their 5th wedding anniversary when Nick, still at work, gets a call from his neighbor that his cat is outside.  When Nick arrives home, he finds that not only is his cat outside but that his front door is wide open and his wife is missing.The police arrive, a report is filed, the crime scene examined and Nick is continually repeating his innocence.  However, no matter what Nick says he still becomes the prime suspect because Amy is so very clever and not just clever but patient.The story is unimaginable and I'm now afraid of the author Gillian Flynn because for her to make up with this story is scary.Definite recommend!
Just when you think you have it all figured out, it takes another twist. Good character construction but sometimes it's a bit unbeleivable. Can anyone really be that cunning? I guess the author could.  This was an enjoyable read, better than most mystery genre novels.
Terrific! Nick's wife is gone!  It's always the husband, isn't it?  Does Nick even want his wife found?  Alive?  Amy, the wife, has left a diary. Will it explain where she is? Does it  let us know WHO she is?  Nick helps investigate Amy's disappeance; does that mean he's not gulity? Read along with Nick and Amy, but be ready for surprises!  Gillian Flynn, you have a new reader!
THIS BOOK HAS MORE TWISTS THAN A BAG OF PRETZELS.FUN TO READ TO SEE WHAT WILL HAPPEN NEXT.GOOD MANUAL FOR THOSE IN A RELATIONSHIP...TO KNOW WHAT TOLOOK OUT FOR.
Gillian Flynn writes the best female characters I have ever read.  They are diabolical, clever, evil and charming.Women we love and love to hate.  This book has more thrills and chills than anything i have read in a long time.
I have read all this author's works. So I read her latest and was disappointed.  Wonderful premise, very original, but this dragged on and on and on to a very weak finish.  I am not going into details, but I was forever checking how many pages I had left as opposed to being sad knowing it was ending. I cannot imagine how a movie will be made of this, but maybe a movie will pull it more together. Very tedious. I am giving 2 stars because the prose was fantastic and the premise very unique.
Simply put, I loved the book but hated the ending. After investing that much time in reading the book ,the ending was a big let down to me.
WOW!  What an interesting story.  Talk about dysfunctional families.  This one is beyond the best of all time.  Very interesting story!
Entertaining thriller about a young couple behaving badly in their marriage, with an odd set of in-laws thrown in and a couple of criminal acts to add spice.
4.5 starsA twisted story of two people who have a conflicted marriage and probably deserve each other.  The first half of the book deals with the disappearance of Amy on their 5th wedding anniversary.  After that things get bizarre.  Although I usually don't like stories if I don't like at least one of the main characters, in this case I did enjoy the story.  The writing is very good and so imaginative--filled with twists, turns, deceit, etc.  Can't wait to see the movie.
I did not care for the way the story ended.  She should have been brought to face what she did to all those people and he shouldn't have been such a wimp.
There is a reason this has such great reviews and they don't lie. A must read. I am happy I did
This was recommended to me and I was told it would take a little bit to get into it&#34;. I was engrossed from page one but 1/2 way through the book the twist happens (which some may see coming) and then they just keep happening and you don't want to put the book down not even being able to begin to guess how this will end.
At Christmas a friend suggested I read Gone Girl.  Not always being a fan of her reading recommendations I began the book ambivalently.Oh boy!  She was right on the mark.  Great character development.  Fabulous twists and turns.  I kept changing my mind who was or was not being truthful.I believe a movie will be produced this year and I can't wait to see it.  Great book!  Great intrigue!Thank you to my friend - you were right.
I stumbled upon this book when I was reading an interview with Cindy Crawford in December's issue of Shape when they asked what she was reading & she said she was reading Gone Girl & thought why not. It was a very interesting read as it was told from the two primary characters points of view. An ordinary marriage, with the hope of love eternal & things go rapidly south with job losses, family obligations & a move back to Nick's hometown. You are then lead down one path & then another & then wait, what the hell just happened? Did that really happen? Holy crap! The twists & turns were excellent, but I have to agree with some of the less positive reviews that the ending wasn't that spectacular. Considering everything that occurred, you would think that the author would have been able to deliver a more powerful punch to the ending.
I considered this book because it was recommended as being a good mystery read.  I personally did not care for the way it was written in diary text.  I thought it was a little strange and not my favorite.
I was disappointed in this book. I didn't understand why people highly recommended it. Maybe it is just me. It really didn't grab me until the end.
This book was very engrossing and entertaining.  I switched my suspicions with each new chapter and neglected my housework to see what happened next.
Great read - I loved how you could root for and hate the main characters at the same time.  Wasn't sure how it was going to end, and I think the author did it perfectly.
I enjoyed reading this book very much. I enjoyed all of the twists and turns of the book. It made the plot exciting!
Gillian Flynn puts enough twists in her novel about mystery, marriage and the mystery of marriage to keep the reader clicking &#34;Next page.&#34;  Her characters are well-drawn and it kept me engaged in the plot line with every corkscrew turn. An understory about what people will endure to get and stay married...and what they learn about themselves and each other in the process.
This is a definite 'page turner' - you never know what's coming next.  I've read her first 2 books as well - 'Dark Places' is also the type of book that keeps you guessing.
Did not really go for the gone parts, but the back and forth writing was interesting.It was a read I would have preferred not to go to.
I was really expecting an exciting, gripping story - what I got was somewhat different.  The story was rather disjoined and although initially sympathetic to the main female character, I disliked her more and more as I read.
This book is very well written,  Keeps you on your toes as to what will happen next.  I recommend this to all my friends.
Loved this book. Can't wait for the movie to come out. Loaned book to friends and never got it back so I bought again!!
Must admit that I didn't see certain twists coming. As I read, I cringed at the sociopathic ideas and behaviors presented, wondering if such thoughts should be introduced to a young or weak mind.
Great mystery. . .and edge of my seat excitement toward the end!  I really didn't see this coming until the very last!
Exceptionally well written. This gripping story of a disappearing wife will have you gasping in surprise and leave you conflicted and happy and disappointed all at the same time. Unreal. Loved every page!
Well written and a real page turner! I have had another Gillian Flynn book on my shelf, &#34;Sharp Objects&#34; for quite a while and will definitely ready it next.  Gillian is a very talented writer, and has definitely made it to my &#34;favorite author&#34; list.
Not a book or author necessarily that would be on my reading list but I read it on a friend's recommendation.  I found it fascinating.  I was intrigued and could not put it down.  Gillian Flynn is an excellent writer.  I thoroughly enjoyed the story line and the book and the writing, however, I felt like she just got lazy at the end (maybe a deadline).  But based on the intrigue throughout the book, the ending was very anticlimactic.  A good read nonetheless.
The beginning had me hooked and I thought, wow maybe there was something to this book that made it a best seller. Throughout the first part I kept that same thought. Then the second part came and the interest started to waver. Really? That's where this is heading? And then at then end all I could think was, wtf?!?
This was a great book. Not a slow chapter in it. As soon as I finished it I started reading another one of her books, "Dark Places". It was just as good or even better.
This book is awesome-good, interesting characters ~especially if you like ones that aren't very likable~good suspense & twists~and I definitely think Ben Affleck is a perfect pick for Nick & Neil Patrick Harris also perfect pick for Desi CollingsIf you are planning to see this movie, I would definitely suggest reading the book first and if you aren't, read it anyways! :-)Check out her other two books-Dark Places and Sharp Objects~they are both as equally as awesome!!
This book started out a little slow and I wasn't sure I was going to like it.  So glad I stuck with it.  It's written from the perspective of both a husband and a wife and it alternates back and forth.  By the time I got used to this format I had trouble putting it down. Thought I had it figured out and then was surprised and surprised again.  Well worth the read, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
Throughout this novel there are so many 'gasp' moments as the story unfolds its brilliant!  Such a fantastic concept and I think the ending was perfect.
Okay, so I will say this book is very creative and well written. It is definitely missing something though, I do not feel satisfied with this ending at all. Read for yourself and you will see what I mean. This book needs to come down on it's price, not worth the $12.99.
This was a marvelous read.  Very well written and thrilling from first word to last.I enthusiastically recommend it.  It is hard to put down once you start.
Nick and Amy's marriage started out just as you would hope, two people deeply in love.  Nick was handsome and care free, Amy was beautiful and the "Amy" behind her parents 'Amazing Amy' book series which left Amy with quite a little nest egg...but things are not always as they seem....As years go by, things change for the happy couple.  Amy gives the majority of her money back to her parents when they hit financial difficulties, then both she and Nick lose their jobs in New York.  Nick's mom is sick and his dad has Alzheimer's so the couple moves back to Missouri to be close to his parents and start over.  Amy uses the last large chunk of her inheritance to help Nick and his twin sister Margo purchase a bar.Now, on their five-year anniversary a very different couple has emerged from where Nick and Amy started.  They can not seem to connect any more and that morning Nick leaves for his bar, only to receive a call shortly after from a neighbor saying something seems wrong at Nick's home, the door is wide open, the cat who is never allowed outside is on the front step.  Nick comes home to find the living room tore apart, the iron left on, and Amy missing.As a closer look is taken, and with the help of the clues that Amy left for Nick as she does every year to find his anniversary present, Nick soon becomes the prime suspect. Having his own secrets, Nick works with his sister trying to get to the bottom of what happened to Amy.but things are not always as they seem....As the story unfolds.... there is more than meets the eye and a very twisted tale unfolds which really shows that you never know what goes on behind white picket fences and closed doors.Gone Girl is as I said a mystery.  No scratch that... it is a thriller.  But also - not your run of the mill thriller (enter scary man stage left) but add PSYCHOLOGICAL THRILLER to the mix.  Yup... it is a little wacky but oh so good!This is one of those books that are hard to review because it is so masterfully put together you (I) do not want to give anything away that is best for the reader (you) to discover on your own.  Which.. leaves me in the awkward position of saying pretty much...nothing.Let me put it like this, what you think you know... you don't.  When you think you have it all figured out (like I did by page 111), you don't.  You are not even close to the crazy that is happening up in here.  When I told my friend Angie how much I was loving it she asked "are you on part 2 yet?"  and I responded., "There's a part 2?????"  I flipped ahead about ten pages and sure enough... the book has a part two, and as long as I am sharing... also a part three.Gone Girl is one of those books you do not want to put down.  I read that first day I picked it up as long as I could into the evening until I felt my eyes droop and I had to stop.  A rarity for me, I read this while standing at the grill the next evening, instead of listening to an audio book.  Folks... this just does not happen.  :shock:  In fact, I spent the better part of two days reading this book in every spare moment I could squeeze out and my thoughts on it went something like this:"WHAT?""Noooooo....""That can't be, ri... oh.  It is.""NO WAY!""That's crazy!""That's brilliant!""Oh no he didn't!""OH NO, she didnt!"Yes, this is my review of Gone Girl.  Fantastic.  Perhaps, the best book I have read in 2012 so far.  It is different than anything I have read before, well through out and now I am seriously curious about author Gillian Flynn's state of mind (kidding, kidding... I think...).  So well thought out... so amazingly put together... I am still sitting here in awe and on my way to see what else she has written.RECOMMENDED!*Note:  Occasional crude language, nothing over the top (I hate that), but it is there and I want you to be aware.
The suspense was great. The subject matter was relevant to today's news. This is an easy read that would be great for a beach trip or vacation read.
Rather bizarre story. Well-written and carefully crafted mystery, just didn't like the characters. I read this for a book club and should make for an interesting discussion!
I downloaded the audio book from my library (very well narrated).  Be careful reading reviews because there are lots of twists and you might read something that gives away too much.  The characters are more intriguing than lovable and the story is, for the most part, unpredictable. I see a lot of reviews saying the ending was awful but I thought it was well done.  The story didn't end abruptly; it was just so good that I wanted more.  I would definitely recommend this book.
This book would have been a five star read. It had everything going for it: a tight plot, characters that hooked me and a real need to find out what happens. And then I get to the ending and it just sucked. There is no other way to say it. As a reader who stayed with the characters, even when they were very unlikable, I think I deserved more than the ending I was given. Perhaps the author thought she wa being coy, but it just didn't work that way. It came across as rude, not coy.
I liked the book enough that once I started, I had to read it quickly. It's rare to read a book that doesn't have a single character to like but this is that book. It will surprise and Madden you and too many other emotions to list. ENJOY!
What a writer. This book is full of surprises, twists & turns. It ends up being profoundly about humannature in extremist!!!
Impossible to put down. Did not want it to end but couldn't wait to see how it ended. Great read!!
This horrid story can only be written by a clinical psychopath. She knows little about the damage people like Amy do to their children.alot of hype,but a waste of time. What troubles me more than the story is the author'ssickness in writing this.
Gone Girl is about a married couple, each of whom narrates part of the story. As you'd expect, each tells a story that is favorable to him or herself and casts a somewhat negative light on the other spouse.  The problem is that even when put in the best possible light, neither are characters with whom you would want to spend much time. Unreliable narrators can add interest to mystery, but unsympathetic ones, not so much.The first half of the book which introduces the couple and their families in great depth is moderately tedious.  The second half, in which the mystery is revealed and the plot starts twisting is quite a bit livelier, and has some clever comments about how the media circus that surrounds certain personal tragedies warps the lives of those affected.  In the end, however, I just didn't care whether these characters lived or died, or more precisely, I would have preferred if all of them had died together in a spectacular car crash.  No such luck.  The ending has no real resolution, leaving open the lamentable possibility of a sequel.
Loved everything about the book. The subject, the characters & all the conflicts. Wonderful twists and turns that Gillian writes so flawlessly.
Initially I was planning on doing video review then that changed to a regular written review, but in the end, I decided against both.  Only because I couldn't have talked about this book in detail and coherently without giving away major spoilers. And trust me, you don't want to be spoiled on this.  You want to experience it first hand. So I decided to keep this, short and sweet and as spoiler free as possible.  I enjoyed how it was written from two points of view. It was imperative that it was told in the way it was. we needed to see Amy's take on things as well as Nick's to get the full story. Gillian Flynn is an amazing writer and has great skills in the story telling department.  It was a well paced read and I wanted to read it all the way through in one day, but sadly, life gets in the way and I had to consume this book over a week or so. I savored this over many lunch hours!Let me just say, you start out thinking one thing, but then book goes completely to the left at precisely halfway through the story. Believe me, you'll be like &#34;What?&#34; &#34;OMG?&#34; &#34;For real?!&#34;. Can you say Lifetime movie? I loved ever moment of it.  Amy, the wife, is seriously cray-cray. And the husband Nick is an idiot!  I sort of felt pretty quickly that Nick was being setup, but I had no clue how, and then when it came out, I was like &#34;Well played!&#34;...and I'm not saying what happened! You have to read the book!  I can't even say too much more with out giving away major spoilers, so I'll leave it at that.I opened this book, not knowing what to expect. I heard good things, but I was just hoping I would feel just as great about the book as others did. Most times I'm disappointed, but not in this case, it delivered! I really enjoyed this book.  Like books where several of the major characters are more than a little cray-cray? Like drama? This book is for you.This was my first time reading Gillian Flynn, but it won't be my last!Here are just a few of my favorite quotes:&#8220;Republicans go to Sam's Club, Democrats go to Costco.&#8221;&#8220;There&#8217;s something disturbing about recalling a warm memory and feeling utterly cold.&#8221;&#8220;In truth, I wanted her to read my mind so I didn't have to stoop to the womanly art of articulation.&#8221;
This book was very good and interesting.  I had a hard time putting it down wanting to only find out what's going to happen next.  The characters were interesting.  I would recommend.
This book had an interesting plot but the ending was a real groaner. If you like all your loose ends tied up in a believable neat package this book is not for you.
great deal at christmas.. dirty santa gift here i come! read the reviews and the synopsis seems to be very interesting i will wait till the person who got it gets done and let you know how it is!!
I was a little reluctant to read "Gone Girl at first due to some negative feedback from other readers. But I decided to take a chance anyway. Once I started reading, I was hooked. Nick and Amy are both very troubled and despicable people. Their narcissism, arrogance, and selfishness made me want to slap both of them. The only character I really liked was Go(Nick's sister).  With the exception of the ending, I think the author did a good job. Hopefully there is a sequel in the works -- if there is I hope the ending will be better.
Absolutely loved this book. I think the ending coulda been a tad bit better and the first 20-30 pages were a lil slow moving but once it started I could not put it down!!! Cannot waitTo read sharp objects next and them more after that! Great book!!
I had to stop and start this book several times due to things going on in my life. When I was finally able to have time to read this book I started over again so I could keep everything straight. I was really upset when I finished that I had spent so much time trying to read it. The characters were unlikeable. The end wasn't an end. I simply disliked this book on every level.
Amy is a sick, twisted mentally ill woman who destroys the life of her husband.  Nick is a weak man who let's his wife control him.  This story was very strange reading.  That's all I can say.
I couldn't put it down ..... A well written, beautifully constructed, well paced, highly original, suspense laden  plot ..... intelligent, well drawn characters and lots of insight into contemporary issues  including economic downturns, unemployment, social media, relationships..... A modern masterpiece !
But it's worth repeating - I HATE THE ENDING.  This book was very engaging from the first page and the twists and turns kept me guessing throughout, but I can't express enough how much the ending disappointed me.  I would have given it one star just for that, but I truly enjoyed almost every other part of the book, so that didn't seem fair.  The characters, while not very likable, are compelling and it was worth the read, but I'm glad I just borrowed the book instead of paying for it.
I love how crazy everybody is in this book.  I could never stay on one person's side for to long.
Loved it.  Truly did - it was one of those books that has you thinking about it constantly, and you find yourself telling people, "I'm reading this book.  It's driving me crazy because I want to find out what happens and instead I have to do normal life things!"Nick's wife is missing and everyone thinks he did it.  He hints that he did it.  But did he ACTUALLY do it?  He doesn't say!  So can you be sure?  But surely he did it.  Did he?  ARGH!When the second half of the book kicks in, it adds even more tension and is a brilliant story development.I know some people have complained that it has 'the worst ending ever', and while I agree that it all wrapped up rather quickly compared to the slow burn of the rest of the story, it was a good, creative ending.  I think people like their favourite character to 'win' and feel disappointed when something else happens.  I like it when something else happens!  Otherwise, you've read the whole book knowing how it would end.I loved the fact that it was easy and simple to read with the odd unfamiliar word thrown in - had me using the dictionary function on my Kindle a few times.
It's not very often that I don't finish a book that I spent money on. I felt like this book bounced around and it just kept losing my interest. I tried coming back to it over and over but just gave up. I was about 100 pages into it and felt like they were still "building" the story and that nothing had happened that was keeping me reading. Disappointed in this book!
Wow!  I loved this book and have fallen in love with Gillian Flynn's style of writing.This is a book of a marriage gone horribly wrong.  When his wife disappears on their fifth anniversary, Nick finds himself as the prime suspect in her murder.  As the novel goes on and switches points of view and throws in his wife's (Amy) journal entries from years ago, you start to learn that NOTHING is as it seems.  This book is addictive; I found myself reading it very quickly but trying to stretch it out so it wasn't over so fast!A couple of negatives:  The ending is...disappointing.  However, it didn't make the book "bad" in my eyes; not all books should be happily ever after.  Also, there is quite a bit of foul language, if that bothers you.  And, while there were times when I identified and rooted for both Nick and Amy, by the end I hated them both.I think Flynn's brilliant writing and surprising plot twists made up for the negatives.
This book was creative, and well written, but the ending was horrible. Just when I thought I had figured something out, she threw another loop in there. I almost felt like she ran out of time to get it to the editor, and had to finish it up. I am reading another book by this author because I love her writing, but I really hope it has a better ending!
I really wanted to love this book, but I didn't.  It was a ho-hum book with a great writing style.  Don't get me wrong at times it was a page turner, but it was maybe for a chapter and then it became almost boring.
What a rollercoaster ride! Thrilling, chilling and willing to take the reader to new storytelling heights...a fictional freefall into perfection. Like any gr&eacute;t thrill ride, sorry it had to end.
A definite page turner! At first it took a bit to get into because of the author's style of writing, but it turned out to be a great book. It kept me guessing the whole way through!
Having just finished this wild and crazy ride thru marital angst, deviousness, dark humor, and literary magic of nearly all types, it is impossible not to admire such a roller coaster novel which has just about anything a mystery fan of 2013 America would like! But really it's a lot more than another mystery. This book can be dopey, bizarre, outrageous, delirious, and plain zany. Set in real 21st century USA, it is not only the tale of a marriage gone way off the deep end; but a nation and society drowning in media excess, plundered by an economy nearly in the tank, a police system unbound, and characters walking a tightrope while staring right at the abyss. Scary but dizzy, with some of the weirdness you might find in Rabelais, or even deSade. Written in counterpoint, the first person timelimes of Nick and Amy, I admit even now it's tough to really follow what really happened; this may be the author's intent! Contrast  Twain's Tom Sawyer with DePalma/Hitchcock, you get an idea of this book. The author seems to zing right along the entire crazy ride, and probably had a great time thinking this weird tale through! And I cannot help but think "Amazing! What kind of a mind can conjure this yarn up?"  Probably has the makings of a sequel; since the end is about the only slight disappoint, and you can't help but wonder..."What happens after all this?"
One daughter liked this but my other daughter and I really hated it.  The ending was scary and depressing.  I am really sorry I read it.
Book starts out great. I was really hooked. Pretty good writing and a very original concept. Too bad the author had absolutely no idea how to end her story.  I have a friend who said at one point, she threw the book across the room.  Also, many useless characters who we never hear from again, after making them seem integral to the storyi.e. .Neighbor).  I was going to purchase Flynn's other book, until I was near the NON ending of this one.No thank you! This is a $2.99 book value, not $12.99. Save your money and borrow it from the Library, or just skip it.
GONE GIRL (Pub 2012) by Gillian Flynn has been riding the NY Times bestseller list for 32 weeks now. Last week it was at #1, this week it slipped a notch to #2 (as of 1/19/13). The book's popularity is why I put it on my to-read list. I admit to being a bit of a follower when it comes to picking up a book, word of mouth and all that, right?I had to hang loose on the library's wait list for a couple months to get the book, and almost went ahead and purchased it because of the long wait, but I'm glad I didn't. I was so disappointed in this story, even though the plot sounded intriguing.Nick and Amy Dunne are married, childless, and living in the Big Apple, earning a living as writers, but with the changes in the industry, they both end up jobless. Nick convinces his wife to move back to his hometown,in Podunk, Missouri, and they buy a house there, along with a local bar that Nick and his sister go partners on, paid for with a large chunk of Amy's trust fund. Amy isn't working, and their marriage is slowly eroding, but Nick is hanging in--until Amy goes missing from their home on the morning of their fifth anniversary. It happens out of the blue, and the cops immediatley begin pointing fingers at Nick.To be fair to the author, I am not an 'academic/literary' kind of reader. I'll admit to being an action junky, but I also love strong characters, great dialogue and intriguing plots, so even if a book is short on action, if it's got all the rest going for it, I'll enjoy it as long as the writing style appeals.I got the impression from the first pages of Gone Girl that the author is an 'academic writer', focusing hard on delivering a sophisticated writing style. Power to her, but it just doesn't work for me. Story first, impressive writing second is my motto as a reader, and as a writer. Call me a simpleton, but I'm being honest since this is a 'low' review.What made me give up on this book is the way the author laid it out. The story opens in the husband's POV, which is enjoyable enough, but then when it switches to the wife's, instead of it being written as it's happening, the author chose to write it in 'journal' form - so the wife is basically talking to herself - and this continues throughout the book. Not only do I dislike that approach, it is made worse by the fact that everything the wife is 'telling us' in the journal is a flashback. Meanwhile, the story flips back/forth between the wife's journal entries and Nick's POV, which is written in the present. To me, this made it really hard to get into the story, or get into the character of Amy at all.I didn't finish the book because of this approach to the story, so in fairness to the author, I am giving it three stars because I can't rate the overall quality of the plot itself, so I'll assume it was at least a 4 or 5, since it's been riding the bestseller list so long. The characterization of Nick, is good, and the author's prose is elegant (a little high-brow/distracting for a thriller). For me, the book gets a 1-star on the overall construction so I'm averaging the two out.
you cant put this book down until you find out what happened. You may be disappointed in the ending at first- but it really keeps you thinking about it
This story was fabulous. One second you're rooting for the cute couple...then you are hating him, then hating her, then loving her, feeling bad for him, hating them both. Each character has flaws, secrets, and major defects that they hid at the begining, then fester when they can't keep up the act.***************SPOILER BELOW**************Each twist and turn in the investigation look worse and worse for Nick, until it is clear that he wasn't involved. Amy is a carefully planned sociopath, and she plans so far ahead that it seems that there's no way that he could possibly look innocent. Nick finds a way to turn it around, clear his name, but cant seem to get rid of Amy. He hates her, but can't live without her. She has too much damning evidence of things he didn't even do.Don't download this if you're not prepared to stay up til 3am!
Easy read...obtuse...no emotional hook for me...no empathy for any of the characters. In short, a circle jerk. Dimes to doughnuts, the movie...a miserable failure. Count me out!
I rated this book low because of the horrible ending and the morally corrupt antagonist, Amy. I absolutely hated Amy once her true character was revealed. It's difficult to believe that she could be such a hideous person and still escape consequences. The protagonist wasn't much better. The exposition and rising action was good and keep me reading. However, the climax and resolution left much to be desired. I'm disappointed that I bought this using my gift card. The most expensive kindle book I've bought was a waste.
This was such an awesome book.  But the ending leaves you guessing.  I will have nightmares thinking about this now family.  There needs to be more.  I can not wait to see the movie.  I will be reading more by this author!  And, I never want to meet Amy!
Without the recommendation of an awesome co-worker, I would have completely missed out on this one. Hands down, this is one of the best books I have read this year, if not in my entire life. I have never read a Gillian Flynn novel before, so when it was recommended to me, I did not know what to expect. One thing that impressed me before I even started reading it was how long it sat at the top of the best-seller list. Because of this book, I have added Gillian Flynn as an auto-read author and will be looking for her backlist.Nick and Amy are great characters, but not great people. They definitely have their faults, but that is what makes them unique and such great characters. Nick and Amy represent every other couple struggling in a marriage that is certainly out of the honeymoon phase. This couple's problems and grievances are too numerous to list, but this book reminded me how important it is to put in the effort to make our most important relationships grow and flourish. Nick and Amy didn't do that and with every turn of the page, I was able to see first hand how these two characters were spiraling in a whirlpool of frustration, anger, sadness, bitterness, regret, misery and yes, even hate.Everytime I thought I knew what would happen, I would be surprised at the twists and turns the plot would take. A great book has to be shared so, as it was recommended to me, I have been recommending it to everyone I know. I kept thinking as I was reading this book that this story would not end well for anyone, but I was even surprised at the ending. I couldn't make myself look away. This book would pull me out of sleep calling me to come read. I just had to know what was going to happen!If you enjoy stories that pull you in right away with little to no build-up and flawed and dysfunctional characters that draw you into the mess of their lives, this is the book to read.
The writing is superb, the characters fairly well rounded and most of the plot is very well done. That said, I have to agree with many others here. This book started out even better than her previous ones. I was curious, suspicious, and on the edge of my seat. I was confused about characters and motivations -- just like I was supposed to be.  Then wham -- much becomes clear. Unfortunately...much begins to unravel as well. Without resorting to spoilers, I have to say that I found the year (plus) of planning, the jaunt to the meth/redneck cabins, and much (much) else in the second half to be beyond belief. Only the quality of the writing, and my prior investment in the characters, made me keep on, hoping that what I saw coming near the end just couldnt be true -- it was. Very jarringly unauthentic way to leave it.
I hate to say how much I disliked this book in the beginning but a little ways into the book, I couldn't put it down.  The beginning was more about each character describing their thoughts about one another rather than how a typical book reads.  It kept me wondering if that's how the whole book was going to be and I was very impatient with it.  That is why I could give it only 4 stars.  Once the story develops, your jaw will keep dropping at the twists and turns.  It is fantastic.  I'm definitely glad I didn't give up on it.
I think the book was great, it just lagged in some parts like the author was trying to fill in pages, and the ending did not make any sense to me.
I had a hard time reading this book. It was hard for me to stay focused on it.
Very well written....but way too dysfunctional for me, which is kind of what I had assumed before I read it...but glad that I did.
Absolutely, this book is great. I couldn't put it down. I only wish I hadn't seen the trailer for the movie because I felt sorry for the Nick of my imagination until I began imagining him as Ben Affleck. I am glad I read this book and did so so quickly. Without giving away any spoilers, I have to give Gillian her credit for making us empathize with this story. Anyone in a relationship can understand some of these experiences. It's a great read. I didn't like the ending of course so I can't give it a 5.
I ripped through this book, gasping at the premise and could not put it down until the last few chapters and then was so upset with the ending.  I wanted it to be different, somehow justified to a conclusion that seemed like something normal people would do.  However, neither the husband nor the wife are remotely normal.Her twisted, dark characters are frightening and make your skin crawl because they behave in ways that shock you to the core. Gillian's an accomplished writer and book groups will love to argue about the ending.
It was slow.  But it did have a good twist at the end and that was good.  If you can hang in there and stay with the characters, it is a good read.
Very good book and much different than I usually read or enjoy.  It kept me wanting to see what was going to happen but I must admit I grew to dislike both characters by the end of the book.  They truly in many ways deserved each other.
I did not think this would be good but WOW! Plot is more than I thought it would be halfway through the book.
The first half of the book was sometimes hard to get through. The shallowness and lack of redeeming qualities in the characters was frustrating. But it was intriguing enough to stay with it and boy what a page turner it became. And the whole first half became clearly pivotal to the story. Great book!
The plot is interesting, but overuse of the &#34;f&#34; word.  If you can get past that, it is a good read.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn is the story of a marriage gone wrong. Both Nick and Amy have recently lost their jobs and moved from New York City to North Carthage, Missouri, in order to care for Nick's dying mother. As the novel opens, Nick and Amy are supposed to be celebrating their fifth wedding anniversary. Instead Amy has disappeared under suspicious circumstances and all the evidence makes Nick looks guilty. As the media attention increases on Nick, he pleads for his wife to come home, but citizens of his home town as well as the country are sure Nick is guilty of foul play in Amy's disappearance.Chapter's alternate between Nick and Amy. Nick's chapters follow a current time line and the ongoing criminal investigation. In the first section Amy's chapters start out as diary entries that begin back before they were married and continue up to her disappearance.In this psychological thriller, the writing is stunning, clever, subtle, witty, and chillingly suspenseful. Just when I thought I had things figured out, there was a twist... and another... and another. The plot is incredibly layered and the truth is slowly revealed. The characters are all well developed, multidimensional and complex individuals with faults and strengths, just like real people. Just when you know you love or hate a character, Flynn will add yet another dimension to them and change your preconceived ideas of what is going on. This is story-telling at it's finest.I read Gone Girl  in a day not because it was a quick read, but because it is that good. Between the exceptional writing and the phenomenal plot Girl Gone is sure to make my top ten reads of 2012. Read it. And, if you haven't done so already, read Gillian Flynn's earlier novels: Dark Places and Sharp Objects.Very Highly Recommended - one of the best
I listened to this in my car.  There were parts where I was riveted; there were parts where I thought to myself, &#34;Keep moving.&#34;  I finished disc 6 and skipped to 12.  Basically, I think I missed the murder of a hobo.  When the book ended, all I felt was disturbed.  I do see why this book has so many high marks.  The author is a storyteller, and certainly the twists do all come together at the end.  Still, I read to escape, and this book was a prison.
This book drags on and on .  It tries to get suspenseful way to predictable. And the ending leaves you wondering why you bothered to read it.
I highly recommend Gone Girl.Great Intense read, kept me guessing until the end.I am planning on checking out more books from Gillian Flynn.
I purchased this at Kindle recommendation from other books I've read.  This is my first read of Gillian Flynn, and I must say it started a little slow, but I stuck with it and it picked up after a few chapters and I ended up enjoying the book.  I will try another of this authors works and see if it is better.  Does anyone have suggestions for which to buy?
I think I got more than I bargained for. I just wanted to get some personal tidbits about Tom Cruise life, throughout his amazing career. I have always been impressed with his passionate acting, his good looks, and that wonderful smile. I certainly got that, and so much more. His involvement in Scientology is an eye opener, indeed, but considering that this Biography is unauthorized, I did try to sort out what may be truth, and what may be conjecture. All of it was very interesting, and certainly worth the read.So happy that Amazon gives me the opportunity to choose this endless variety of good reading material.
A great and realistic story.  It was surprising how it ended. I don't know if their married life would have endured.
I just didn"t get "into" the story.  I guess maybe it may have been me but I didn't enjoy reading it that much. Other reading I have done in the past really "grabs" me from the start, this did not.Far too much fuss made over the book.In my opinion I would never see it as a Number 1 best seller.
This story keeps you involved and there are so many twists and surprises.  It moves fast and is a great read.
I HATED THE WAY YOU SEEM SO VERY EVIL.  YOU MADE YOUR CHARACTERS BEYOND HUMAN, BOTH ARE SOCIOPATHS.  How could they?
I love how this story is unfolding and can't wait to find out the ending. It has a great twist in it that I wasn't expecting.  I loved the book but hated the ending!
If you've ever been tempted to climb inside the mind of a psychopath, this is the novel for you.  More than a bit creepy, yet fascinating in a very sinister way.
i really wanted to like Gone Girl, had heard so much about it.  By the 10th page I was annoyed by the constant interruption of needless flippant dialogue, description, chatter.  It was beginning to read like one of those silly cop movies where the two characters make quips while they're running through traffic.  By the 15th page the constant interruption to the plot moving forward was making me angry and by the 25th page I gave up in disgust.  The author decided that "cutesy" insights would substitute for the reader's intuition and that a leaner character development was undoable.  Where was a good editor?  Sadly, I put the book down and will never read it.  I hope the movie is better...should be, it's written like that was the end goal.
Back and forth chapters between husband and wife.  Facts left out until later to hold interest.  Book somewhat too long.  Strange ending after spending time reading 400+ pages.  Glad I borrowed it from library and didn't spend money on it.  I don't understand all the hoopla about it honestly.
I found this book to be disappointing after all the good reviews.  I didn't really like the characters and wouldn't recommend this book.
Excellent writing, but damn!  I wish there was a different ending....I did not see that coming. I liked the journal format.
Amazing novel! I couldn't put it down and I loved all the twists and turns.
At first, I found this book interesting but not very intriguing. It didn't really become good until the second part of the book. I finished it in a matter of days. This book kept me on edge full of suspense. It's the perfect book to read over a holiday break!
Have to wonder about one of the main characters.  You feel sorry for her, you hate her, your opinion will change over and over.  And then in the end, you wonder what next.  Hoping for a follow up to find out.  We all like it but hated the way it ended.
I have never been as disappointed as I was while reading this book. Not even sure how this is a best seller.Mary Higgins Clark could write a better suspense novel in her sleep. I dont even want to waste any more time writing about how average this book was.
I couldn't stop reading about these twisted people! What an insane book. I loved how it was told through diary entries.
Good read.  The characters are unreal.  Kept me hooked through the whole book. I just finished reading it and wanted more.
I read this book because it is on New York Times bestseller list and had good reviews on amazon.com. I did like it. The format chosen by the author of writing a chapter each in first person by the leading man and the woman characters made interesting reading.The story line was good and held my interest till the end. In fact it is written as a thriller and it is intense and gripping. Hard to put it down. However, there were some parts and events which looked unlikely and for the same reason, I did not like the ending.It ended like in a movie. Still I will recommend it to any one who is looking for a good ,interesting book of fiction.Shyam Suri, India
I have never had so many mixed feelings about leading characters in a book.  This book was VERY WELL written.  Kept me wanting to stay up late to read more of the craziness..  Totally recommend this book!
Well, not trash bin, but definitely returned to my local library with a sigh of relief because I didn't spend a dime on it.Warning, spoilers. I WILL give away the ending.Gone Girl is a joke, readers. You'll need a good sense of humor (and of the absurd) to enjoy it. Flynn writes OK. She's like some chess players I met back when I used to play chess: good opening borrowed from some Grand Master, not-so-solid middle game where the problems of playing your own game pile up, total disaster in the end-game. This is the second (and last) novel by her that I read and both were destroyed by her disastrous construction of the final third, helped a lot by the inconsistencies in the rest of the book. In Gone Girl, Flynn gives us a psychopath (Amy) married to a doormat (Nick). She frames him for her apparent murder because he comes up short and is not Mr. Perfect all the time, and mostly because he cheated on her. Divorce? Never! Our Amy stages her own &#34;murder&#34; and then runs away. And it's perfect only because Flynn wants it to be. Everything that turns on chance (and most of Amy's plan revolves around chance), turns out Amy's way. Not because of logic, but because Flynn wants it. Amy planned long: she bought a car through Craigslist, far from her home. Where did she park it all that time? We don't know. How did she reach it by foot undetected by anyone at 8 AM? WDK. Under whose name did she register it? WDK. At one point she muses that if she's stopped by a cop the game is up because her ID will prove she's alive and hubby is innocent, so she doesn't have fake ID's with her, so the car should be under her name, so this should be easy to trace, but the cops don't do it. That's just one example. Another: Her hubby, a movie buff who supposedly knows a lot about movies, doesn't recognize the Punch and Judy marionettes from the classic film &#34;Charade,&#34; where a guy who's supposedly dead is killing men who wronged him. Another: Hubby finds the marionettes in a shed, together with a lot of incriminating items that Amy has left there for the cops to find. He has days to get rid of the stuff little by little. He knows that there is something even more incriminating hiding under the pile of stuff; he just won't touch anything but doesn't get rid of it. And of course it all comes back to bite him. The man knew by then that Amy had faked her death and wanted to see him executed and still did nothing: a doormat by grace of the author, who wanted such a character. He tells the readers he hates her; he wants to choke her, to smash her head. And when she returns home and cleverly confesses to him all she did, including murdering a man who helped her, and the cops can't touch her, what does Nick do? He stays with her because &#34;she can hurt him if she wants to.&#34; When she announces she's pregnant thanks to Nick's frozen sperm (yes, we just crossed over into &#34;All My Children&#34; and &#34;General Hospital&#34; territory), Nick destroys the tell-all book he was writing and decides he'll be the best husband in the world for his Amy and the best dad for his kid. The End.Clearly Flynn loves her Amy. She's a tongue-in-cheek psychopath who can kill with the best, writes a mean Diary, misleads, deceives, plots, and enjoys a good foot-rub. But is it all possible just as Flynn wrote it? Maybe. Is it probable? No. The cops and the FBI have nothing on Amy who murdered her benefactor saying &#34;he&#34; kidnapped her and kept her for weeks as a sex-slave in his mansion. But she met the man in a casino (cameras everywhere) weeks after her disappearance! She wore a bad disguise, but that is a blot in her perfect plan. This woman will break her own bones to get back at a friend who didn't pay her enough attention, but immediately forgets two grifters who forcibly take all her money when she was in hiding: not even a hint of revenge. Nick will spend the rest of his life, or at least the next 19 years from the pregnancy on, worried that one of these days she will be dissatisfied with him and murder him or break him like she did everyone else close to her, but he's all right with that and nothing, nothing in the rest of the book has told readers that Nick is that much of a doormat. He's stupid at times and less intelligent than his wife all the time, but not suicidal. However, he wants so much to be around Nick Jr., he'll suffer a good dose of Abused Husband Syndrome just to be a dad.Abused Husband. There's role reversal, of course. Clever of Flynn. The psycho is female, the idiot who stays with the psycho betting his life &#34;for the good of the child&#34; is male. We know about women who stay in abusive situations because of their children, or despair, or lack of options, or love, or idiocy (he's not that bad; he really loves me; he beats me up only when I deserve it). Here, Flynn gives us a guy who willingly stays in a deadly relationship with a viper so that he can be close to the future bundle of joy. And he likes it.Gone Girl is a joke, and the joke is on all those people who paid for this book. The rest of us can smile at Flynn, congratulate her on her good fortune, and wonder what an outcry the blurb-writers who praised this novel (The best novel of the year!) would have raised if a contemporary male writer had made his hero refer to women as the t-word, the c-word, and the v-word (can't write the words themselves due to censorship) the way Flynn does several times. I have nothing against the words themselves; it's the perfume of hypocrisy wafting through the air that bothers me a bit. Enjoy.
Reading this book definitely made one think.  It was especially good due to the fact that the writer was able to write in both the husband's voice and the wife's  voice.  It kept the reader guessing right up to the end!  Good Read.
After hearing so many recommendations, I had high expectations--and the book lived up to them.  It's suspenseful, mysterious, and it tugged my heart strings.  I love a novel that holds me prisoner until I read the final page, and this book did exactly that!
A rich, dark blend of noir and gothic elements filtered through the 24-hour-news cycle and Gillian Flynn's grim point of view.Two incredibly compelling narrators, reliable and otherwise, take us behind the familiar news coverage of a beautiful wife's disappearance in post-recession middle America, where secrets and revelations come at a brisk pace.Clever, smart and as chilling in its way as Sharp Objects. Cool stuff!
This book was very delicious to devour. I kept picking it up because I kept finding surprises at every turn of the page. It's definitely a whodunit and I was shocked at the ending. I can't wait to read more of Gillian Flynn' s books.
I was so pleased with Gone Girl.. Been recommending to all of my friends who are trapped in the "50 shades " genre.  Get out!!
The book draws you in quickly, but soon leaves you wanting to read the ending and be done with it. The incongruity of the lead characters was disappointing.For example, Amy, the wife, was supposed to be brilliant, devious, clever etc. but was stupid enough to show her money and her face to other occupants of the low life motel where she was staying and consequently gets robbed. Then Amy has to murder another character to cover her moves.The idiotic husband character, Nick,  takes her back as his wife, after she frames him and trys to kill him. The plot was thin. The ending was also disappointing.I think the author was looking to sell this story to Hollywood for a movie. An easy read and not worth the money I spent on it.
So often we start a good murder story with enthusiasm to end up disappointed.  This is not the case!The characters are truly well depicted.The psychological depth of this husband and wife duet is a masterpiece.The plot is so unpredictable that will keep you guessing to the last page.Just read it!
Well worth reading. Very well written and creative.  I liked it so much that I'm encouraging my husband to read it and we usually have very different tastes in books but this one easily appeals to both of us.
Loved this book. Was fast paced and unpredictible and you get attached to the characters. Have recommended it to my friends.
Read this in one day... I wasn't sure what to expect, but it definitely kept my attention! I highly recommend this book, but don't expect a happy ending!
Very hard to stay focused.Seemed to drag on and on.Skipped through 3/4 of the book.Was able to figure out what happened.Wouldn't recommend buying.
Entertaining to read with many puzzling situation in the story line. Surprised by the ending. It would make a wonderful book club discussion.
I love reading the thrillers gendre and I watch too many crime shows on TV, so hence I thought this plot was a little drawn out and predictable.  Dont get me wrong, there were moments where I was caught in the description, but the plot left me with 'ooh, it is a who's done it' and the outcome once revealed, the rest was tedious and the ending was weak.I just think in part 3 of the book - it was in crazy land and no normal person would stay unless they are equally mentally ill and it just didnt seem to fit the character than was in part 1 and 2 of the novel.  Sometimes, you can try to be too clever and it is hard to unravel and connect the dots to make sense of it all.
I really enjoyed this book, I actually couldn't put it down, but the ending was so disappointing! Talk about blah - it's interesting that with all the good twists and turns the writer chose such an unsatisfactory ending.
I found the second half more gripping and whereas I did enjoy this read I didn't find it a blockbusting page turner like most do
The writing style was certainly interesting but the plot was sick. Literally, I almost did not finish the book. As an older person thinking about how young people - young married couples - would read into this book, well, I thought it was pretty twisted.  And I guess that was Flynn's point - to make a twisted book. These are two really screwed up people and the ending was even screwier. I'm not going to give away the plot or  the ending but suffice it to say, I didn't like the book and I wouldn't recommend it. I won't be reading any more books by this author. Sorry.
Nicely written but far from believable.  Should have ended much sooner. Fun read nonetheless, thanks to the dark humor on deceitful matrimony in midlife crisis.
on her own path.  I found this book riveting and disturbing to read, given the sociopathic - psychopathic, in some cases - motivations of the players.  It's very believable in its darkness contained in ordinary events of life and how they impact a set of characters.  I read a lot of mysteries and thrillers and this still has me shivering imagining these people.  A very intelligent writer.
Waited forever to finally buy this book, to see what all the hype was about.Warning spoiler alerts , you know how at the end of the book go sits down and cries, that is exactly how I felt at the end, drained.once I started reading I had a hard time putting this book down. The characters were so unlikeable . But at the end I wanted to know what happens further do they kill each other or what, just crazy. I kept thinking how is she going to end this book, that is why I did not give 5 stars, the ending was awful, was she sitting us up for more, or trying to be clever or hey was it just amazing crazy Amy getting the last word, you all know how she is, wink, wink.
When writing this review, I almost rated it 2 stars, but that would be a lie because it says I didn't like the book.  So, I had to upgrade it to 3 stars.  Part 1 was setting the scene and a little long.  Part 2 is when it got MUCH better and the end is where it tanked.  It ruined everything I had liked about the book.  I'm a firm believer in, unless the book is a series, there must be an end.  I don't like books that leave the ending open for the reader interperat what they want.  For me this book did not have an end.  My friend and I started this book together but she stopped reading it for lack of time.  I'm going to tell her to not bother finishing the book.  I'm actually quite irriated with the ending, or lack there of.
There is nothing nice about any of the characters in this novel, but they were interesting enough to keep me reading. A fast-paced novel that will keep you guessing until the very end.
I don't see what the hype was regarding this book - this is what I get for reading something on the best seller list.  I'm kind of mad at myself for reading this, as most books that receive this amount of hype, rarely (for me) live up to it.  Gillian Flynn is a good writer and she told a decent story.  What didn't work for me?  I HATED the characters.  I haven't disliked characters this much since I read "The Confederacy of Dunces".  They were shallow, narcissistic and completely clueless.  So much more could have been done with them and probably could have made it more well rounded story.  She hints at a lot of things, but doesn't go into a lot of detail.  I will confess, she may have gone into more detail than I realized as I skimmed the last 3/4 of the book, I may have missed answers to some of the questions I'll put below.***Spoiler alert***Amy was a horrible person - but what made her this way?  Were her parents inherently evil?  Why did she need to leave death and destruction in her wake?  She confesses, in the second part of the book, that everything she said in the first part of the book was a lie.  Okay.  But, what made her that way in the first place?  I did appreciate that at one point in the 2nd part, all her money is stolen and the thieves leave her a quarter and a dime.  I found myself thinking "Oh, they left her a quarter.  She can call someone who cares."Nick?  What a wimpy, piece of crap.  Granted, he didn't quite deserve to be framed for a murder that wasn't committed... but Jeez Louise.  He has a twin sister and the author references that their friends used to hint at their having a sexual relationship.  Well, I found that somewhat plausible the way she wrote their characters and  found myself wondering if they were going to get it on.  If that had happened... well, at least something about him would have been explained.  Why did he have so many issues with his Dad?  Was he beaten as a child?  Did he walk in on his Dad cheating on his Mom?  Inquiring minds would really like to know.Twin Sister Margo, nicknamed  "Go".  That is really a dumb name for a character, it annoyed me throughout the book.  For all that she was kind of a main character, she was also a marginal character- at best.  It's kind of alluded to that she has some Daddy issues - but again, it's completely glossed over.Amy's parents - they seem like nice enough folks, but why do they end up $650K in debt and having to borrow from Amy's trust fund (which precipitates Any and Nick's move from NYC to Missouri).  Seriously - were they into drugs?  Organized crime?  Something kinky?  ANYTHING to help explain why Amy was a sociopath.Why did the author have to mention things smelling of a female's nether -regions.  It was not germane to the story.  The way she phrased it really turned me off.  Some things are better off not being written or at least phrased differently.The end of the book... predictable and I had figured out the basis of the ending before I was 100 pages into the story.  Without giving too much away, the sociopath and her man stay together.  Happy, happy, joy, joy.  You know how in real life, you meet couples that are just a little off kilter, but strangely suited to one another?  And so suited to one another, you can't imagine either being with someone else, because that would be two sets of f'ed up lives?  That is this couple.  They are both whack jobs and oddly suited to one another.I didn't care for this book one bit and am giving it two stars only because the premise of the story was okay and it was well written.  I think if she had given more back story - on all the characters - it would have made for a more interesting story.  It may be there originally was a lot of back story and it was edited out, due to length.  Sometimes too much detail can make a story a slog-fest, but I think Flynn is an engaging enough writer, she would have held the reader's interest.**Update - In thinking about it... this book reminded me somewhat of a book called "Still Missing" by Chevy Stevens.  "Still Missing" blew me away when I read it - this book did not have that effect.
Amy disappears on the morning of her fifth wedding anniversary and her husband Nick is soon the only suspect. Told from the viewpoint of both Amy and Nick in alternating chapters, the story unfolds as two very different perspectives of the same tale. Of course the reader suspects what is revealed about mid way through the book. My initial reaction when the revelation was made was disappointment as I thought the story would taper off from there. However, instead of losing steam the story kicks into high gear and keeps the reader engrossed.My only complaint is the ending. I felt the ending was slightly contrived and not at all in keeping with the characters. Throughout the mystery, the characters remain true to their personality and then all of a sudden at the end of the book the story is neatly wrapped up in a few chapters with completely uncharacteristic behaviour from all parties.Mystery novels can be predictable, but in Gone Girl the author succeeds in putting a refreshing spin on the case of a missing woman. Its well worth the read but be prepared for an anti-climatic ending.
It moved along and was well written, but very strange premise. I was amazed by the twists and turns. Not sure I would recommend it.
Book Club read. I enjoyed reading this because the characters turn out to have many layers to their personalities. The twists and turns are unexpected, the planned out detail for any future outcome is clever.
Written very well. Twists & turns thru out the book.  The characters are pretty messed up but the writer puts it altogether in an interesting story.
Love the sick characters in this book, but felt disappointed at the ending.  Once you start reading, it's hard to put the book down.
Somewhat boring....I truly don't know what all the fuss is about.  No suspense, no sex, no... Nothing much at all.
Never should have wasted the time and money on this one.  Total  waste I figured out in the first few chapters who did what and why. Not a believable  story.  The spoiled little rich girl and her pitty party.
Loved this book untill the end! Dark and twisted but kept you ready.  I told several people how great it was and recommended it ...too soon! I had to go back and tell people not to bother because the ending ruined the whole thing for me! I realize in a book like this that the ending isnt all nice and neat but it needed some kind of ending.  It was such a good book until the end! Really disappointed in the non-ending!
More twists and turns than a roller coaster!!  Hoped for a different ending, but how about a sequel?  I would love that.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book,in fact one of my best reads of 2012.I look forward to any new books by the author.
liked the book.....very well written.....contrived.  in depth characters and plot.  while perhaps necessary, i hated the ending. will there be a sequel?
This was my first read of Gillian Flynn and it took a while to settle in and get used to her style.  50% of the book was somewhat enjoyable reading, but wrap up and ending were disappointing.
I read a bunch of reviews about how good this book was, and the writing itself wasn't horrible.  But it was so far fetched about 1/2 way through I was simply annoyed.  But I paid for it so I decided to finish it even though I could have cared less how it ended.  Which was probably a blessing, because the ending was like a train of thought totally derailed and let you with nothing but more annoyance. If I could do it again, I'd spend my money elsewhere.
read this book because our book club chose if for our monthly book.  I hated it.  I gave it away as soon as I finished it.  Didn't even want it in my house.  Clearly not my kind of literature
Enjoyed this book and have recommended it to others.  Looking forward to the movie this fall.  The twists and turns are so fun!
Just finished. Lots of twists and turns and great writing. Makes you think and as a therapist, was blown away by the psychological content. Awesome book.
Gillian Lynch has done a great job weaving this story.  As was recognized by many, this is a good read, in a style that is relevant in our time.  I recommend it.
Gillian Flynn is a gifted writer with her dry wit and keen insights distilled into perfect little gems strewn throughout her writing.But like so many authors, her good ideas unraveled at the end...or did they. Did she start writing a screen play? Anyway I read it because its been a best seller for months but was disappointed by the unbelievable ending.
I admit that I had mixed feelings when I began to read it. I didn't like the wife from the beginning. However, the plot is excellent and once it began to unfold I was intrigued.
Reading this is like watching a horrible car crash. You can't believe what is happening, it's awful, but you have to watch the whole, ugly mess play out. I really wanted to like or at least sympathize Nick or Amy. Never happened. SPOLER!!!!! Yet, huzzah for Ms. Flynn, I did feel my skin crawl when Amy was held captive by Desi, and I did not side with the low life thieves at the cabin. It is superbly crafted words that set those scenes on edge because mostly I wanted to see Amy pushed into the swallowing, black currents of the Mississippi River.
I WAS SURPRISED ABOUT THE TWISTS IN THIS BOOK, BUT THEY MADE IT VERY INTERESTING. NEVER READ ANYTHING BY THIS AUTHOR BEFORE BUT ENJOYED HER WORK.
This was a great page turner, however I think it some areas it went a bit too far for me stretching what was believable in the over all story line, however I would recommend for sure.
I bought this book for double the Amazon price at a high-end locally owned bookstore... And I don't regret it. So at this price, GO FOR IT. By the end of it you'll probably hate every character like I did... but it was definitely a page turner. STOP READING REVIEWS and DON'T PEEK AHEAD while you read it! Enjoy!
I am so confused as to why people liked this book? The ending was awful. I just felt like the characters at the end of the book you could of cared less about it. I just wanted the book to be over!
I had already read &#34;Sharp Objects,&#34; so I was really looking forward to this book.  Several people I know had already read it and convinced me it was worth the download.  I wished I had saved my money.  There were so many holes in the ending that I almost didn't finish the book.  I'm sorry I did because it didn't get better.
Great book!  Couldn't put it down, even though this is generally not the type of book i go for.  My second Gillian Flynn novel, will be reading more.
By the time Nick Dunne provides us, his avid readers, with this insight into his character, we've already figured it out, thanks to Gillian Flynn's masterful ability to drop one twist after another into this chilling tale, in such as a way to cause a kind of literary double take of such magnitude that if it were a physical response, I'd by now be hospitalized with whiplash.This is certainly the best thriller I'll read this year, and possibly this decade -- and I don't say that lightly. Flynn took me on a hair-raising journey, the equivalent of speeding along a slick, twisting highway at night, with not even a railing separating the car from a plunge down a cliff and into the ocean -- and I simply couldn't put the novel down. Every time I thought I had figured out where she was taking me -- and at what point this novel would relapse into classic "thriller mode", with a relatively predictable denouement -- she proved me wrong. Better yet, she made each twist completely convincing.The novel itself is the saga of an unraveling marriage that climaxes in the disappearance of Amy Elliott Dunne, Nick's wife, on their fifth wedding anniversary. It's an ironic nod of sorts to so many true-life tragedies (there's even a vitriolic Nancy Grace-style television commentator!), but also a deep dive into a kind of toxic relationship that had me thinking three or four times about every individual I've come into contact with. Amy is the photo-perfect victim: blond, beautiful, the model for her parents' best-selling series of children's books featuring "Amazing Amy". But just how amazing is Amy? Well, fairly -- if perhaps not in the sense that we are used to viewing our "victims". The slow and gradual revelation of the layers of this story is tantalizing; the nature of what is revealed is chilling. And the real climax of the book is quite possibly the best I've read in any thriller -- Flynn shuns any thought of the "easy out" when looking for a conclusion, and the final pages left me gasping in astonishment at her imagination and the effortless way she holds all the strands of this narrative together -- and at the plot itself. If this isn't turned into a blockbuster movie, Hollywood execs should be lined up against a wall and shot.On holiday and it's raining, or too hot to go outside? Grab this, and you'll forget about your sunburn, your heatstroke, the mosquito bites and pretty much anything else. On the other hand, it will make you re-evaluate everything your spouse says and does for days and quite possibly weeks... It's not literature, but it's the epitome of a "thumping good read", and you should stop reading this review now and just go get it -- bookstore, library or just purloin your friend's copy before he/she has finished. 4.5 stars, rounded up.Full disclosure: I got an advance reading copy of this book via NetGalley.
Gone Girl is a page turner. Every once in a while a book comes along that doesn't let you stop reading until you're done. That's what Gone Girl was for me. It's dark, yet funny and real. Fantastic writing!!
What a great read! If you like a book that keeps you turning pages, this is the book for you.
This book kept me on the edge of my seat! You start off thinking one thing happened and something completely out of nowhere happens. I would recommend this to anyone who loves a good thriller/mystery!
This was a good book, really VERY good for the first 3/4 of the book, then all of the sudden it was like the author decided &#34;uh oh, I only have 20 pages left, better end things&#34; and did just that. There was lots of detail and interesting things happening, then suddenly it was like &#34;all done&#34; several issues were never solved and lots of stuff was just left hanging. Still recommend it, just know that you might not be satisfied with the way it ends.
If you haven't read this book, you must.  Narrarated by two characters makes the book very cool.  It is interesting to see the two sides to the story.  Gillian uses such great attention to small details and brings them back later on.  She's the best author I know.
I like the writing and the story line but this is a really sick story and they both deserve each other! not sure if I want to read more of her books
and interesting! I loved the style and the story and the 2-persons narrative. Brilliant. Go Gillian, you are good! More, please.
This book is not at all what I imagined...it was much better! Gillian Flynn knows a lot about women in relationships. And she knows a lot about character development. I was amazed how at one point during the novel, I was completely sympathetic with Amy, and ten pages later, my feelings had changed in favor of Amy's husband. The book is filled with unimaginable plot twists, and some seriously disturbed characters. I could not put this book down...and I must say it's been years since I've had this much fun reading a book. Brava, Ms. Flynn!
Gillian Flynn is a very talented writer.  This is the first book of hers that I have red.  Had a lot of trouble putting it down.
I wasn't sure about this book, as I'd never read anything by this author.  I based my purchase on customer reviews and they weren't wrong.  It seemed everytime I had it figured out, a new twist appeared.  The only negative was I thought the ending was a little abrupt.  Overall, a very good book.
After Nick and Amy Elliot Dunne both lose their jobs and leave New York, their marriage begins to deteriorate. The couple moves to the small community in Missouri where Nick grew up, where his mother is dying of cancer and where his father suffers from Alzheimer's. With money borrowed from Amy's trust fund, Nick and his twin sister, Margo, or "Go", who has also returned to her hometown, open a bar. Then, one day, Amy disappears.  Signs of violence in the Dunne's home lead to the conclusion something very bad has happened to her.Gillian Flynn's "Gone Girl:  A Novel"  recounts the relationship between Nick and Amy, leading up to, including, and after Amy's disappearance. And a strange relationship it is. One that made me shiver. Switching back and forth from chapters that focus on Nick's thoughts and feelings with chapters that contain sections of Amy's diaries, Flynn creates a portrait of two individuals whose best and worst qualities play off of each other until...well, I don't want to give anything away.Flynn reveals brutal truths about her characters, misleads them (and the reader), and generally does a great job of generating both repulsion and fascination for these characters and the lives they lead.  Rest assured Amy and Nick are not the only strange characters in the novel and their marriage is not the only strange situation.Had me hooked.Four stars.
I loved this book. I could not put it down once I got through the first about one third of the book. I highly recommend it.
This book did not live up to the hype for me. Two despicable people in a depressing marriage do crappy things to each other. It was interesting for awhile but ultimately unsatisfying and left a bad taste in my mouth.
This book is an exciting read. The characters are intriguing and wickedly charming. Loved all the plots and turns andwishful thinking that comes from both of them. I also liked that every other chapter  was written in their voice. However, the ending is so awfully frustrating and irritating' I swore I would never read another word by this author! Seriously! It's as if one day she said, &#34;Ahh, I'm bored with this and I want to go shopping-so next page-the end!&#34; The story literally just stops. So if you want a good read, and can tolerate a book that appears to have lost its last few pages-then enjoy!!!
This book made me cringe, unlikeable, hate filled characters. They spew so much hate against everything and everyone, I became totally disgusted with the plot. And, the ending; what a stupid, illogical ending. Think the author ran out of ideas and decided to call it a day and send her back home. This book would have been better if such abusive language wasn't used to describe each other, "f-ing c...","f-ing t...". It truly made me wonder if the author needs professional help. Wierd book, all hype, no substance, skip it folks.
Wish the ending wasn't the way it was, but otherwise really enjoyed the book.  Good story and character development.  Love that she makes you love and hate the characters equally.
I don't know where to start. The book was so hard to get into.  I almost put it down and not pick it back up. I started the book seeing a little of my relationship in it, you know, typically female thinking and men just not getting it. Wow, not MY relationship at all!  As I forged through, I couldn't pull out a warm and fuzzy for the book.  The ending just made me mad.  Almost wish I could get the time back I spent reading...
Couldn't put this one down!  It was an easy read and a book I wanted to finish as soon as possible!!
I have never read a book by Gillian Flynn and my daughter in law suggested that I read it when visiting.  It was hard to put down because you really did want to know what would happen next, and are usually surprised.  Plan to try another of author's books.
This book is incredible! I read it in 12 hours straight. While it is an incredible thriller and keeps you hooked, the book is also a great commentary on relationships and marriage. I loved how the author interweaves the mystery in the plot with a very intimate look at the relationship between the two characters. The plot line unfolds in a way that makes you want to know more, and the nuanced writing about the characters and their lives gets you invested in their story. I won't say anymore to prevent spoilers.The book also highlights the media circus surrounding events of high-interest and has a pretty satirical and interesting take on that.I highly recommend this book! Read it before it is made into a movie and ruined!
I liked the first half very much, then some editor must have got ahold of it and had to make the ending just too perfect....and too much.  Less is sometimes more.  I won't ruin it by saying any more, but the ending was just bad.
I'd heard that Gone Girl was a page turner and that's what I wanted.  I had a two hour flight from one bad weather city to another, so I figured four hours in the air plus the possibility of a delay means I need a book to entertain me.  I wasn't looking for high literature, just a book to enjoy and then pass on to someone else when I'm done.While I admit that Gone Girl was certainly a better book than I could have written, it's not up to the rave reviews it has received.  But I couldn't put the damn thing down.  At least four times, I said "screw it" and closed the book, but I kept going back to it.  That could be the charm of it.  Every character is so obnoxious, you want everyone to get their comeuppance.  It's definitely entertaining, a good book to kill time with on an airplane and that is its redeeming feature.  The author had a good idea, but fell a bit short of pulling it off.There are a lot of clich&eacute;s in the book and a few lines where you know people just don't talk like that.  There were a few times when someone would do something stupid and you knew it was the author's way of moving the story along.  Like many other reviewers, I thought the ending was awful.  If you are going to read this book, I recommend you stop fifty pages before the end and try to come up with an ending yourself, then finish the book.  I guarantee you won't guess it and that your ending will be better, but that might be why so many people loved the book.
This book actually lives up to the expectations of the excellent reviews it has received. First thriller that I've read and really enjoyed in a long time. Also, there is an interview with the author at the end which is worth a read. Highly recommended.
is that everyone has a match. For better, or for worse. I loved the plot of this book. It took me a bit to get in the groove of it, but once it hit me, I was hooked. My favorite character was "Go". Her lines were priceless. I would text my fiance a quote of the day from the book, mostly from her. I actually listened to the book, which I bought because I didn't correctly cancel my audio membership and had free credits. I really enjoyed the narrators (one male, one female). It added, for me, another demention to the book. A bit of authenticity to the man and woman perspectives. Read it, listen to it ... either way, buy it and enjoy!
This book certainly held my attention for the duration of the book.  The ending surprised me less than I had wanted it to and seemed a little abrupt, but it was an appropriate ending to the roller coaster ride that Flynn takes one on in this book.  The others in my book club ranked it a &#34;5&#34;, so obviously it is a book one wants to finish.  It is certainly well written and, at times, absolutely captivating.  It is a book worth reading.
This book grabs you in the beginning and doesn't let go.  It is cleverly written from each character's viewpoint, which I found refreshing.  If you are looking for a mystery that will keep you interested from beginning to end, this is one for you.  Highly recommended!
Do yourself a favor and read this book. It will keep you up all night - you won't want to put it down.  Don't read reviews that give anything away- full of twists
*note:inside the [] you will find spoilers"Love makes you want to be a better man. But maybe love, real love, also gives you permission to just be the man you are"I honestly don't know what to say about this book.12 hours later and I am still speechless and confused.Confused about the characters.Did I liked them?Have I any feelings for them?Did I saw what they realy are or I am blinded by them?I know one thing.They are good actors.They made you beleive that they are someone good,someone worth liking and pitying.But are they truly that?NO.Both trick you to think they are good,worth every good feeling you have for them.When you finish the book you might like Nick or Amy.You might think that what they did,their actions,were justified.I think everyone will have a different opinion and different feelings.Gone.Amy is gone there is a mess in the Dans living room showing that there was a fight and no sign of Amy near the horizonGirl.Even though Amy is almost forty author chose the world "girl" because Amy is still a girl.She acts like one sometimes.She will do everything in her power to get what she wants,like a little daddy's girl.The story is original(for me).It has mystery(who killed/kidnaped/whatever-you-want-to-say-it Amy?).It's a weird mix of revenge,love and regret.Nick regrets what he did[he cheated on Amy for more than a year. ]Amy wants revenge.[Nick didn't really love her(she says that herself)and is cheating on her.]Both fell out of love with eachother but somehow a little of that love survived.They still have feelings for eachother.It draws you to read it,to see why everyone did what they have done and how the story evolves.The story seemed simple in the beginnig someone kidnaped Amy(or something awful happened to her).Everyone thinks Nick did it.Especially after the police finds some suspicious signs at his laptop and a few other things.But is it everything as it seem?The main characters are Amy and Nick.Neither of them is what she/he seems to be.Nick is a liar because it's easier for him[he has a mistress,a girl from the university he teaches]and doesn't love his wife anymore.Amy is sick,manipulative and better or almost better liar than her husband.She isn't afraid to do anything that will get her closer to her goals.She uses people and makes things seem like she wants to,for example that she is the victim.She wants to be perfect and everyone around her to treat her like a queen.Her parents by writing The amazing Amybooks created a monster.The Amy of the book was perfect and the real Amy was not.So tried very hard to be like her.When I first started reading the book I thought it would be nice to have theend the book has(or almost like that).But as I continued reading it I was so sure of what a good end will be."My mother had always told her kids: if you're about to do something, and you want to know if it's a bad idea, imagine seeing it printed in the paper for all the world to see.I feel myself trying to be charming, and then I realize I'm obviously trying to be charming, and then I try to be even more charming to make up for the fake charm, and then I've basically turned into Liza Minnelli: I'm dancing in tights and sequins, begging you to love me. There's a bowler and jazz hands and lots of teeth.Like walking through a door. Our relationship immediately attained a sepia tone: the pastI felt a queasy mixture of relief and horror: when you finally stop an itch and realize it's because you've ripped a hole in your skin.I'm in a foreign land, trying to explain myself, trying to make myself known. Because isn't that the point of every relationship: to be known by someone else, to be understood? He gets me. She gets me. Isn't that the simple magic phrase?My gosh, Nick, why are you so wonderful to me?'He was supposed to say: You deserve it. I love you.But he said,'Because I feel sorry for you.' 'Why?' 'Because every morning you have to wake up and be you."
it took a while for the book it get  somewhat good. i heard it was a good book so decided to get it from my public library.  it deals with real life marriages and after one hundred pages i started to understand it. still reading it is just ok for now.glad that i did not buy it for twelve dollars.
This book is so amazingly clever it is hard to put down as the twists and turns of this woman's (Amy) diabolical mind seems to be unfathomanaly endless. I would have given this book 4 1/2 stars had there been that option because I did not like the ending at all, but I can't myself think of how it could have ended other than several of the fears one has while reading it. I definetely recommend reading this book!
Let me be upfront and say this is not my typical read, and my negative reaction to this book was more because it was not a good reader/book fit, than because the book was badly written.On the morning of Nick and Amy's fifth wedding anniversary, Amy disappears. Was she abducted by a stranger, a man from her past, killed by her angry husband, or something else? Through Nick's narration, Amy's diary, step by step the reader finds a tangle of negatives leading to bad choices and carefully laid plans.The writing does an excellent job of building the suspense, it is interesting and often terrifying simply because the suspense is so tight. The twists are really curvy and unexpected and creates an interesting, tightly-woven plot.But the characters.... oh, how I hope I never meet any real-life versions of the characters. They are just all unlikeable, unsympathetic people who deserve every bad thing that happens to them, or they are lesser, two-dimensional characters. Flynn's characters are all so deeply flawed there seems to be no spark of humanity for the reader to empathize with.
OK, this was almost a great book. The writing sparkles, the plot is brilliant. It gets you in early, and grabs you by the throat, and makes you not want to sleep until you&#8217;ve finished. And you&#8217;re thinking, wow, this is a great book. Then you get to the end.Yes, when you read a great book the end is sad, because it had to end. But this time, the end was sad, because it was just a letdown. Not up to the standard of the rest of the book. Just not satisfying. I don&#8217;t do plot spoilers. So, not another word. Except, for the greatness that went before the poor ending, 4 stars.
Marguerite Yourcenar wrote long ago that "the mask, given time, comes to be the face itself." This can work for good or bad, but the more hideous the secrets, the more carefully that mask is constructed. So what if you discovered after five years of marriage that you'd only seen the mask, and never the real face of your spouse? Once those dark truths were revealed, could you stay married to that person?Knowledge is power, and never more so than in an intimate relationship.What if your spouse knew you so well that they could anticipate your behavior in any circumstance, and thereby manipulate you without your realizing it?Gillian Flynn takes the common marital concerns about money, in-laws, and parenthood, and turns them into toxic waste in the case of Nick and Amy Dunne. Amy is revealed through her diaries, and Nick narrates his experiences as he follows the clues in the anniversary treasure hunt laid out by his wife before she disappeared. Did Nick kill Amy? A lot of people think so, but her body hasn't been found. Is Amy still alive? What was lurking beneath the surface of their marriage?GONE GIRL is a thriller, but it's a slow burn. Flynn strings you along. She doles out just enough information to make you think you've figured things out before she hits you with another "GOTCHA!" revelation that changes everything. And she saves the biggest gotcha of all for the end, which is shocking in its subtlety. The way the story ends puts the final seal on what a truly sick relationship Nick and Amy had.The path is twisted, disturbing, and sometimes horrifying. It's also irresistible.Sensitive readers should proceed with caution. The book does contain coarse language as well as some violence and sexual content.
It took me forever to get through this book. It was a different type of read, but didn't pick up until over half way though it. Not upset I bought it, but wouldn't recommend it.
This book was an absolute piece of crap. Only finished it because I thought it would get better or all connect in the end. I want the time I wasted reading this book back.
Captivating, complex mystery....Love, lies, mystery, intrigue and deceit - this book has everything. It's amazing the lengths people will go to for love....HIghly recommended!
I found this book at a bit tedious & I flicked through some pages. However the plot was very clever & I found that I needed to read to the end to uncover the truth.
This is Gillian Flynn's best book by far. The creativity, cleverness and mystery throughout the whole book keeps you on the edge of your seat. Once you think that you have the book figured out you are thrown another curve ball. It's brilliant!
Very interesting premise. Descriptions of people and places are great. Good writing, I like the chapter to chapter  idea. It get four stars for a good read. But, I felt clueless at the end.
This book kept me entertained - even though I'd stupidly read enough spoilers here not to be too surprised by the plot twist, there was enough intrigue to keep me engaged til the end. Yes, I agree, these are not people you'd want to be friends with, but boy, they certainly deserve each other... So it's true love. Kinda.
This was such a good read! I enjoy the characterizations but this book had me loving then hating then loving the same character. I couldn't really tell what crazy thing was gonna happen next. A real page turner as I raced to the end to find who was the real good guy in the story.
I disliked the two main characters. I think I was supposed to though. I kept falling asleep when I read this sorry. 2 stars for a couple lines that made me laugh. I disliked the ending and like one of the characters I have nothing more to say.
I didn't read any reviews before I bought this book and I am glad I didn't so I could be very surprised. It was a very compelling read, very well written and kept me on the edge of my seat.  That said, I too, would have liked a more satisfying ending.  Not that the ending was inconsistent or unbelievable, but I am a Pollyanna girl at heart and like more hopeful endings.  This writer certainly has talents and smarts and I will probably read other books by her. This book was anything but bland and it was a challenging read for all the information you get... I did feel smarter (temporarily) for getting a lot of obscure references, and here I am a Tennesse girl who has never even been to the Big Apple! Just shows we don't ALL live in mobile homes and only watch hunting shows or televangelists...(cue the ironic laughter).
Brilliant, it kept me interested to the last page and this is not something which usually happens.  The whole book was excellent and I would highly recommend it.  Lots of twists and turns to keep you turning the pages.
I liked her previous &#34;Sharp Objects&#34; and looked forward to this book especially with all the great buzz it got.  But ultimately it disappointed.  It's hard for me to enjoy a story when all of the characters are equally unlikeable.  And the end was bad.It was super readable and a page-turner, points for that, but overall it failed in too many ways for me to really like it very much.
The ending is non existent...it was like..... ok...... over......seriously?  How disappointing! I don't know if I wouldread this author again.
This book is a page turner. I never give 5 stars but this was good to the last sentence and had so many twists and turns in it it keeps the amateur sleuth on her toes.
Spoiler Alert!I couldn't connect with the main character, Amy - or to say, not any of her characters. I couldn't sympathize with her situation as the totally over the top, not realistic Best-of-the-best wife character. She was too goodie-goodie and therefor more annoying than relateable.  Then she is super wacko but brilliant crazy Amy, who thinks of EVERY DETAIL needed to frame her husband, but then manages to get swindled by two hobo nobodies, so that didn't make any sense. After that, ever twist and turn of the book, just felt like another twist I needed to get through until the book ended. I finished it, but I wouldn't call it a sensational page turner.
I enjoyed the read, but found everything unbelievable.  The mystery unravelled slowly, then took a dark, twisted turn and then went all over the place.  The ending left me unsatisfied and confused.  I think it was written to be a great page turner, but a lot of true character development was sacrificed in the process. Especially at the end.  But, I did find it intriguing and definitely recommend it for anyone who enjoys a thriller.  I just thought the story could've offered more.  It had so much potential and the writer is so talented.
I loved this book, very hard to put down.  The writer is very clever the way she feeds you the characters personalities.Just when you think you have grasped who they are, they begin to change.  I have not read anything quite like it before.  I am quite good at guessing outcomes but not with this book.  I have not enjoyed a book this much since I read &#34;before I go to sleep&#34; by s.j watson.
I read an article about this book in Time Magazine. The article intrigued me and upon reading the book, I wasn't disappointed. The writing style was interesting. The female character was depicted through most of the book by her diary entries, the male through his thoughts and actions. I do not want to spoil the read, but truly both women and men will enjoy it. It was very interesting throughout and explicit in some areas, which made it difficult to put down.
Completely absorbed my life for 2 days. One of the best books ive ever read! Would recommed it to everyone.
Really enjoyed the book.  THought the plot amazing and really had you thinking until the last page, which came as a surprise. A thriller with a difference as not your usual &#34;who done it&#34;.
"Gone Girl" is as fun and entertaining as any book I have ever read. It is the perfect summer detour from more serious reading, while at the same time being a brilliant satirical study on the cerebral dance that is marriage.Gillian Flynn takes us on a raucous missing person ride with a fascinating and appealing unreliable narrator, while she examines the marriage of the couple at the center of the drama. The pathology of Nick and Amy Dunne's marriage is bonechilling...but I believe if every reader who is married, pays very close attention, they will probably, rather reluctantly, see at least a little bit of their own relationship within this psychological brew of a tale. Marriage is a very intricate and mysterious dance between two people...no two being alike. We all find our ways at working each other, Nick and Amy simply take it to a whole new level.This is my first Gillian Flynn book, but trust me, even though her's is not my genre of choice, I plan on reading her previous books this summer. She is a nuanced and brilliant weaver of stunning suspence, while including a fair amount of pop culture. Lovers of one of my all time favorite HBO shows, "6 Feet Under", will recognize an especially compelling "borrowed" piece and HLN's Nancy Grace receives quite a nod as well.I have to agree with a previous poster who recommended that you skip reading too many reviews of this one before you dive in...you do not want even a hint of a spoiler for this one. Also, disregard everyone who criticizes the ending...it is delicious... This book is a summer treat...INGULGE AND ENJOY...
I find it amazing that Gillian Flynn can write so well about very twisted personalities, because all that I have read about her is that she is a pretty normal (whatever that actually means?) person. This book is &#34;refreshing&#34; as it is not only a who-done-it, but also a profile of a psychologically &#34;challenged&#34; person.  If you enjoy trying to get into the minds of these people and discover how they think, you will enjoy Gone Girl.
This is just a darn good mystery novel that keeps your attention on every page. It is full of love & hate, happiness & sadness, hopeful & sad. The author had unbelievable imagination that kept the reader in suspense the whole time. There is lots of other side l
Gillian Flynn at her best! Absolutely one of the most intriguing journeys into the psyche of a married couple...extremely clever and hauntingly unpredictable. I cannot find enough words to praise this novel and as an avid reader, it's hard to get a 5 star review like this. You will not be able to put this book down. As usual, a winner for Flynn that leaves you aching for her next novel. If you like mysterious, pyschological thrillers and a peek into the "real lives" of people, then this is the book for you.
This was not my type of story.  The plot started slow; mid-way through the story improved somewhat and I thought it would become a better read.  However it lost momentum,and came to it's finale and fell flat!
With 1600+ reviews... I just wanted to note... that this book had me hooked up until the last 20%... and then it became drawn out with no clear end in site.What I loved about this book was that it was written as a GENERATION X'er... and the trial, and tribulations of our generation (dotcom bust, housing bust, unemployment, burst of the US dreams).  This was refreshing to me, albeit a wee-bit cynical.  The turns and twists in this novel are great, the planning and forethough.. and look into each others minds.I listened to the audio version of this book which was very good.
good read, nothing 'brilliant' as far as I'm concerned..but worth reading. it did keep me reading which i usually bale after the first 100 pages if it's boring. however,i did not like the ending.
The first half of Gone Girl is a description of two wonderful people in seemingly a tragic relationship and a deepening mystery about a girl's disappearance.  The story is written with alternate chapters from alternate characters view points.  One set is from the viewpoint of the lead male character.  The other consists of diary entries from the lead female character.  The first half tends to be slow and sometimes seems to be meandering.  Stick with it.  It's worth it.  Halfway through the novel the tone changes.  Saying very much more would be tough without destroying the story. The book is a lot of fun.
This is a fascinating read, and and intriguing intelligent cat and mouse thriller.  Without  giving a spoiler,  it is impossible to describe my disappointment.  Overall,  it is a fun ride.....
After hearing so many good reviews on this book, I thought I would order it instead of waiting for it  to become available at the library.  Although she is a great writer, (meaning that the book is easy to read, with a easy to follow plot)  I did not find myself immersed in the story.  I continued reading hoping for a surprise ending and was disappointed.
*A Brief Note to Readers: If you find this review "not helpful", please take a moment to tell me why in the comment section. Thank you.*Are you bored, dear reader?  I hope you like a madcap and fiendish ride, because "Gone Girl" offers it in spades.  This, author Gillian Flynn's third novel (Sharp Objects, Dark Places), is a psychological thriller that illustrates the extremes in human thought and behavior that most of us are too frightened to contemplate.It begins with a disappearance, one that possesses the accouterments of a kidnapping and murder.  Nick Dunne, the husband, is ambivalent about his wife Amy's vanishing - their marriage has been imploding the last few years and he has been looking for a way out.  But when he stumbles upon the clues to a scavenger hunt that Amy has made a tradition of their anniversaries, old affections bubble to the surface.  In over his head, Nick rides a fine line between love and hate while the police search for a possible corpse and decide on him as the prime suspect.The rampant psychopathy Flynn introduces later on is unsettling and all too real.  People like this exist and take prisoners every day, their inscrutable charm and seeming brilliance the shiny hook catching every hungry and gullible fish in the pond.  The iniquity of her characters is complemented by her warped thought processes; her occasional stream-of-consciousness style tangents are the crack in the human psyche, the darkness and depravity within spilling onto the pages.  Both Nick and Amy's voices are frank and immodest, sometimes downright vulgar.  The reader will come to loathe both of them for being long on corruption and short on principles.The mystery/thriller part of Flynn's story is well-plotted, the trail of deception winding and wheeling its way on a steady pace from beginning to end.  But it isn't a "taut" thriller in the literal sense - it would need about 50 or more pages shaved off to merit that adjective.  Though Flynn is an exceptional writer, some of her passages are a bit much, one in particular featuring Amy describing a "Cool Girl" persona lengthy and rambling.  She also takes her time building momentum.  The novel has a sluggish start, the first of its three parts laying the track for a crazy train that goes at lightning speed through Part 2 and then derails toward the end.  How it all wraps up takes some suspension of disbelief and the last few pages are limp and unsatisfactory.  The denouement is open-ended and has no palpable resolution, giving it potential to affect a reader's overall verdict. I was torn on whether to award this book 2 or 3 stars for that very reason.  I think people feel cheated by it because Flynn spends the entirety of the novel building an appetite for retribution only to yank that dangling carrot away just as a bite of it seems imminent.In short, "Gone Girl" failed to meet my expectations.  But Flynn is brilliant.  She is sharp, cynical, delightfully unpredictable, and one-of-a-kind.  The scope of her imagination and her unique voice still put her at the top of my list of favorite authors.  Proceed her work with caution - it is nervy and disquieting, with many more dark places yet to be explored.
For the first 2/3 of the book, I would have given it 4 stars, but for the last third it would have been 3, so the actual rating is 3/12.  I was very excited to read this book as I'd read so much good about it and it was nominated for 2012 Best Book awards.  Ms. Flynn is a good writer.  Her story plot is very well-constructed and her depiction of Amy and Nick is very realistic.  The book is chilling too, as more and more stuff comes about each of these two and their "perfect couple" story.  This is a book that is difficult to precis because it would be hard to do without having spoilers somehow getting in, so I'm not going to do that.  I'm just going to say that the book starts out eerie, creepy and off-the-wall, but after about 2/3 of the way in, it becomes rather long and tedious, and the ending is not satisfying at all.  I totally had lost interest by page 330, but read until the end anyway just to see how it would end.  Would I recommend reading it?  Probably, since it has turned out to be an important book for 2012, and it is so totally different than most psychological thrillers.  Unfortunately, for me, it just didn't quite measure up.  When I compare this book to anything by Barbara Vine or Minette Walters, it's not in the same league.
This book was amazing and grabbed my attention from the very beginning!  So many twists and turns.  All I can say is..... WOW!!!!
The book was Okay, but did not live up to the hype.  Maybe I just understood what was happening instead of being shocked.  She is one twisted woman!!
Never guessed the ending, was quite the rollercoaster. And who can you like in this case of characters? Well told story, couldn't put it down.
It was a Book Club selection.  A few of the ladies thought it was slow at the beginning.  Then, as you got into the story, you couldn't put it down.  I liked Amy.  However, it certainly wasn't a novel that had you identify with any of the characters.
The author has presented a collection of personalities among which not one has a single redeeming feature.  Actually, I take that back --- the twins' mother seems a good sort, but she dies early on.  Although how she ended up married to the nasty man who fathered her children is a mystery.  It was well written and cleverly presented, leaving you guessing what's going on for the first half of the book, but after I finished it I wondered why I read it at all!The two main characters --- a married couple --- are completely unsympathetic.  The wife is clearly a sociopath and the husband is a cheating, lying SOB who gets off on his wife's insanity.  The whole thing fell apart for me when the wife gets robbed while hiding out in a mountain cabin resort.  Really?  This woman was way too smart to let that happen. Considering how she had planned every step of the charade of her abduction/murder down to the last minutiae there is no way that she did not have a viable back up plan. Everything about her interactions with the two people who stole her getaway funds was completely unbelievable based on what we came to know about this character.  She was too well educated and too manipulative to have let any of that happen.  And nobody who was that self-centered would be planning on committing suicide, especially not after the husband was already convicted of murdering her.  That simply did not ring true.Ultimately, this book was too dark and overly self-indulgent for my tastes.  The characters were too one dimensional and one would have to work hard to find somebody to like.  Made me wonder about the people who wrote the Sally, Dick and Jane books my generation was raised on --- putting Amazing Amy behind me!
Great plot with an unusual twist.  one of the best mysteries I have ever read ! The characters were so real and i loved all the references to life in the midwest, having grown up there.  if you love a complex story plot  this is the book for you.
The book definately held my interest throughout.  I was a bit disappointed in the ending, but as I think about it I don't think it could have ended in a better way!
I literally couldn't put it down, I was walking and reading from my kindle at the same time.  If done correctly, could make for a great movie.
I was not impressed with this book. This was my fifth time trying to get through it and I finally did. It takes struggling about 20% in to get to the good stuff. You will hate every character in this book. No one is likable. And, the story just stops. No resolution. I was very disappointed and this was a $13.00 book.
This book was great!  Suspenseful and interesting all at the same time.  The characters were rich and the plot twists and turns in ways you can't predict.
This book grabbed me from the first page. I really liked the character Nick and detested his wife Amy. I felt Amy's "voice" was too contrived, too much like a character in a book. But then I grew a little more understanding of Amy and started to dislike Nick.As the story unfolded, I realized that I was being manipulated - by both Amy and Nick. Or was I being manipulated by Gillian Flynn herself, through the characters Amy and Nick?Ah - it was hard to tell, that's how wily Flynn is. I became part of the mystery, as embroiled in it as a character, masterfully crafted by the writer. Being manipulated - by Nick, Amy, or Flynn - what does it matter? Who ever thinks of manipulation as a good thing? I didn't, until I read this novel and was happy to have fallen into Flynn's trap. That's serious writing talent, and I don't even like thrillers. I read this one as a dutiful member of my book club, but I couldn't put it down. Was that part of Flynn's masterful plan as well? Somehow I think she knows exactly what she is doing.The only reason I didn't give it five stars was the story unraveled in Part Three. It was almost as though Flynn was tired of the story and wanted to be done with it. And one note of caution - profanity peppers nearly every page. Even so, it is a roller coaster ride I would gladly recommend.
Never has a book kept me guessing at every turn. This was a page turner and just when I thought I had it figured out - the plot would twist again.  The writing was very clever with foreshadowing, and little hints here and there.Just a shocking ending - which still keeps me thinking about this book, days after I have finished reading it.Loved the characters, loved the writing, and loved the book.  Heading to book store to pick up her over novels tonight!
It's usually the ending that makes or breaks a book. This book was really great, lots of twists and turns, you had no idea where it was going for a while. It has sooo much potential. I mean, this book could have been a *masterpiece.* People could be raving about this book. But it FAiLed HARD. Epically. The ending is not just disappointing, it's stupid and horrible and pathetic and it leaves a bad taste in your mouth. You end up right where you started. Why did I bother? Sooooo disappointed because it had so much potential! Don't bother. You'll be disappointed, too.Try again, Flynn.
I was drawn to write a review, when I usually don't, to protect other avid readers like myself. To me, this is the worst kind of book. It starts off amazing. Characters are interesting, you're drawn in, and dying to know what comes next. Then you get to part 2, and it takes a drastic twist in another direction. You're not enjoying it as much as part 1, but you're still curious what's going to happen as characters start to make illogical decisions and you find you're not quite relating to them as much as you were before. Then you get to part 3 - it becomes utterly ridiculous, and actually infuriating. The behaviors are ridiculous and actually made me angry. I won't ruin the story line for anyone, but the ending is ludicrous and a huge disappointment after such a fantastic beginning. There are wonderful books out there, and despite getting off to a great start, this just isn't one of them.
This book is a great read.  You're hooked to find out what is really going on, and then when you do, you're hooked at the craziness of it all.  I like there to be some justice, but maybe with two deeply flawed characters justice was served.
I love this author!  This is probably my favorite book of hers but they were all good!  I can't recommend it enough!
Gillian Flynn's GONE GIRL was recommended to me by several people I trust, and let's just say, I am quite thankful. The book is a mystery-thriller, so I feel that any plot synopsis would contain at least one spoiler and I would want people to read the book as I did, with absolutely no idea what might happen. Obviously you know the title of the book. That is the only hint that you need. The book is so cleverly written, full of honest McGuffins and sly prose, that the reader is taken on a tremendous journey. It is one of those rare books that you want to read at stop signs, if you know what I mean. It's a shame I can't tell you more about the story of Amy and Nick and their journey from New York to Missouri, but I really think you should discover each plot point for yourself. After you read it we can discuss why not five stars.
Interestingly written in voices that speak to the reader, Gone Girl will keep you guessing. I found it started out slow and I felt detached from the characters, but you quickly find out that the novel reveals itself to hold your attention and keep you thinking. You get swept away in a love story that becomes a story within a story, inside a mystery thriller that you feel unfolds before your eyes. It is definitely worth the attention and the read. I deducted one start because (as other reviewers add as well) I found the ending could have been better.
This book is "too clever by half," as the British like to say.  I felt it was too strained, too verbose, and completely unreal.  The characters changed their personalities too frequently (even when they were not meant to) and I really had a difficult time accepting the narrative.
Intriguing story full of twists and hairpin turns which keeps you glued to  the pages right up to the bitter end.
This was my least favorite of Gillian Flynn's work.  I did not find it shocking, in fact I found it to be quite predictable.  Gillian did crank up the crazy in a disfunctional marriage a little bit, but overall I was disappointed.  Gillian has a wonderful imagination and a true talent for writing in stream of conciousness form, because of this I still enjoyed reading the book.  Sharp Objects is my favorite and, in my opinion, much better than Gone Girl. Sharp Objects explored some very interesting and not often discussed affilictions of the mind.  The family dynamics and character interactions were far better developed and more deserving of the "twisted" summation bestowed most commonly to Gone Girl.  Dark Places was a good read as well.  I agree with most other readers that the revelations of what happened "that night" just didn't quite fit.  In hindsight, Gillian set up the conclusion very early on, but it was a disapponiting conclusion similarly to Gone Girl.  Regardless, I have enojyed reading her books.  Gillian has a unique stlye and her characters, though most are not very likeable, are very well developed and very "real".  All three books were fantastic, right up until the end.  Although Sharp Objects is the only book that really delivered, I will continue to read Gillian's books and look forward to her next release.
not great.  the writing is excellent but the story is weird.  i didn't like any character in this book and that is a first for me.
I am not a violent person, although I like crime lit--but this one was beyond the beyond. Obviously goody-two-shoes make boring characters, but these two were such disgusting skeevies you wanted to bang their heads together. The plot, if that is what it was, was so overly done it was laughable. You know those hapless catfish? I would club these people instead of them.
Should make for an excellent movie.  You're not likely to guess the ending - twists, turns to the unlikely ending.
This is a well-written book, which I thoroughly enjoyed and I hereby recommend it toAny one who enjoys a mystery.  I think, Gillian Flynn is a good up-and-coming writer and I hope she will have a long writing career ahead of her.
The book kept me engrossed from start to finish.  How many surprises can be written in one book and still keep you reading for more?  I was astounded and could not keep from thinking about the story and characters.
A quick background to put my review in context: This is my first ever Amazon review, although Amazon.com is my go-to site for just about everything except groceries. Additionally, I am a bookworm and literally sleep with my hands wrapped around my kindle (when I DO sleep, as I am an insomniac). Depending on the length and complexity of any given book, I read 1-4 books per week, averaging about 2 per week. (Compliments of my insomnia.) I've read over 400 books over the course of the past 3.5 years. I wanted to add in this intro to show how strongly I felt about this book and how it got me riled up enough to take the time to write my first ever review.For a long time, I avoided reading &#34;Gone Girl&#34; by Gillian Flynn because despite the 4.5 star ratings in the thousands, the book had a lot of negative reviews. Additionally, all of the negative reviews I read had almost exactly the same complaints regarding the book.  I caved when I heard a movie version may be coming out, as I like to compare how two different mediums portray the same story, so I finally downloaded the book.I found the first part of the book to be VERY interesting, although I figured out what happened to the &#34;gone girl&#34; before I even started part two. I don't know if it was meant to be predictable or if I've just read too many books, but I enjoyed it and started wondering why so many people disliked it.  The second half of the second part of the book when &#34;gone girl&#34; appears (don't worry, you learn that by reading the table of contents, so this is not a spoiler) is where it all went downhill for me.The ending to the book basically read like the beginning of the book, so you really only need to read a few pages of the beginning to get a feeling for the &#34;non-ending&#34;. I call it a non-ending because no plot points were resolved or tied up in any way, shape, or form. Maybe the author was going for a cliffhanger? But, it wasn't even that as it didn't end in suspense. Rather, it ended in dismay for me as a reader AND also for the characters. There was no emotion or resolution of any kind that left me feeling satisfied when I turned the last page. I don't need a happy ending. I just need some sort of ending, some closure. The ending felt like the author got tired of writing or was close to missing her deadline, so she just stopped writing and thought the lack of an ending would make her book all the better and &#34;different&#34;, setting her aside from other authors. Well Ms. Flynn, you failed miserably on that account.I gave this book two stars because I found the psychological aspects of Ms. Flynn's writing in &#34;Part 1&#34; and through various parts of &#34;Part 2&#34; of the book to be intriguing.  However, my recommendation would be to wait to read the book until it is available at your local library or to borrow a copy from a friend or family member instead of wasting your money on it.
This is worthy of the great reviews. Loved the form- one so based in reality as we all see the same thing from subjective ego-centric perspectives. And as such, it's a gripping cliff hanger.
I have read at least 20 books this summer, Gone Girl is at the top of my list #1! This type of book is not my usual style but the reviews were great so i gave it go WOW! what a wonderful, disturbing, and fascinating book! The characters are wonderfully developed and I was surprised all along GREAT great GREAT book!
Do not waste your money on this terrible, horrible, very bad novel.  The plot is totally implausible and the characters are detestable.  The only reason I finished the book was because I had spent the money to buy it.  I could have cared less what happened to any of the characters.  The ending was just plain stupid.  I guess the concept behind the plot was clever but just too creepy for words.  This is one author I will avoid at all costs in the future.
I know, I know it seems like everyone loves this book but I just couldn't. The characters seem flat and lifeless, like you've seen them in 18 thousand made for TV movies on Lifetime (not that I watch those....) Maybe it was just me but I could predict what was going on in every part of this book. It is supposed to be this crazy what is going to happen next book but it just seemed old and tired to me. If you are an avid reader I say stay away from this one. Also I won't give it away but the ending made me want to chuck this book off the plane I was on at the time and maybe I would have if I wasn't reading it on my Kindle. I can understand a book that is just easy and fun to read (I love the Jack Reacher books) but when the ending is so horribly bad and irritating like in this book it just seems to have nothing to offer except regret that I wasted my time reading it.
This book had so much hype and with the movie coming out soon, I thought I would read it first. The writing was good, but the end was disappointing. Borrow it from someone if you can- or wait until the movie comes out.
Oh, wow! Wow!I very rarely read thrillers, but this book is going to make it to the ones I enjoyed most.I thouroughly enjoyed this book for the past three days and I am sorry it's over, but I had to rush through it for two reasons:1. I couldn't put it down2. It had to be my last book of 2012I am one of those readers who skim quite a bit when reading fiction, esp. mainstream fiction, but this book I read cover to cover, i pondered over her statements, I marvelled over it's philosophies (cool girl, anyone?) and underlined many pharagraphs on my Kindle. And it is not a book I expected to need to underline.It is such a clever book, all the details neatly come together, every detail is of some importance, the writing is straightforward, but amazingly descriptive, the characters are so realistic ( I actually know people like them and I felt like every single one of them from time to time)I loved Amy all the way through and I loved Nick. I wish Go was developed a bit more, though. Her I just liked. The secondary characters were amazing too and not cliched at all, except for, maybe, Amy's lovey-dovey parents, but they were fairly fitting to the story.The ending made sense, too. It wasn't a huge twist everyone was talking about, I didn't see it coming, but I wasn't shocked by it either. It was fitting. The characters were developed enough for me to be able to accept the outcome.All in all, what a great book to complete my 2012 'books read' collection.
This book was outstanding. It kept my mind racing trying to figure out who was good or bad. Turns out it was a bizarre mx of human dysfunction that drove these characters.  I highly recommend this book.
I really did like this book.  It was a little slow starting but once I got past the first couple of chapters it got very interesting.  It was a very good read but I absolutely hated the ending.  The ending killed the whole book for me.
I literally just finished book and I am going to read it again immediately!! Highly recommend!! You will not be disappointed
I overlooked the typos, which there are plenty of.This was not 100% terrible, hence the one star. I did keep reading until I reached the end, the awful, unbelievable, how the heck do I wrap this up end.In the beginning, I sympathized with Nick. I couldn't stand Amy from her diary entries. I questioned whether I should be feeling this way when Andie comes about. I just didn't seem to care about it. I hated Amy the whole time, so for that, I give a star.The two thieves were mechanical, abandoned by the author, and Iwondered  why they never came back into the story. I also wondered why why why did Nick suddenly turn flat, sheepish and scared in the last section of the novel.  Here was this character that I was rooting for to nail this psycho to the wall, with his cheerleader sister and professor like detective on his side, and Flynn decides to strip his building balls of steel, and turn him into a weak character. It felt like the author gave up at the end, so she made her characters do the same.I felt suckerpunched at the end when you learn what Amy's hold over Nick is. Seriously? It's unbelievable that is what resolves Nick
I don't want to give anything away so I'll stray from specifics. I enjoyed reading &#34;Gone Girl&#34; because of the insight it offered into various types of relationships. I was pleasantly surprised that when the twists and turns came I was thrown off course, even when I anticipated a change in the story coming. I thought the novel was easy to read but it wasn't my favorite. I was disappointed with the ending and wished the author took it in a different direction.
i like how it was in the beginning and that you get to see the different characters sides of the story. It was getting a little dragged on but then it takes a totally different turn at part two and becomes so different and very exciting and interesting to read! loved it and recommend it. its also a little dirty and the language the characters use surprised me as well
I was really excited about reading this book. Enjoyed the story and the suspense but as the end of the book drew near- it started to lose continuity. It was a great, interesting story and I would recommend it. However, I would add a disclaimer that the end is crappy.
Came across this book at random and was not disappointed.The twists are unpredictable and the way Amy is portrayed is perfect.
To be honest, I think this is in my top 10 books of all time, and I read A LOT. The only criticism i have (which isn't really a criticism) is that there is a little trouble connecting with the characters, so you don't know who to root for. Loved it nonetheless.
This book had me on the edge of seat!! I have never read anything like this but I saw a review for it on Amazon and so I bought it. I couldn't put this book down!! It is a little dark and twisted but that's what makes it CRAZY GOOD! This book made me say &#34;WTF&#34; a couple of times. I was even scared at one point and had to put it down because I was reading late at night...it was pretty intense but in a good way! If books don't get your imagination and emotions going its not worth reading! I was very satisfied and impressed with this book I bought Flynn's other two books!!!
Just finished reading this book. I could NOT put this book down!! I cannot stand formulaic suspense thrillers. I have stopped reading many books because I could see the end from the beginning. I was shocked and surprised on almost every page. Wonderful story line. The ending left us hanging a little. Maybe a series? Not sure I'll read her other books because of the subjects and plot but this one is completely different.
This was a really unexpected thrill ride!  I could not put it down.  Can't wait to see more from this author!
It Will have you turning pages and not wanting to put it down. A definite great read and a thriller!
This book was a good read but not one of my favorites. Most likely because I couldn't "like" either of the two main characters. However, I did feel that Flynn made some great underlying points about relationships and marriage. Good book for a book club.
It's masterfully written, with nefarious characters and plans.  However, none of the characters are easy to like and most of their actions will leave you with ash in your mouth.  The end, while it took me by surprise, left me feeling sick.  I love books that play with the readers head, but I also want to be able to enjoy it just a little.  It's not just that the characters were unlikable (I tend to like unlikable characters), it's that I found them uninteresting.
That, my friends, was a total roller coaster. "Plot twists" doesn't even begin to describe this book. I had no clue who to peg as the bad guy and I had no clue how I wanted the book to end. I'm a total root for the underdog type of girl, and I've never been so unsure of who that underdog was. The book starts out one way - typical murder mystery style - and then WABAM it totallly changes course. And then WABAM...WABAM...WABAM...I think there were about four major plot twists through the course of the book and it was so unnerving (but really really ridiculously exciting)!I had a strange sense after reading just the first page of this book that I was really going to like it. I clicked with the writing style right away, and found myself relating to the characters almost immediately. I think Flynn digs into the characters so much more than in the typical thriller, which allowed for a deeper understanding of the nuances behind all those plot twists.I have to admit that I was a little dissatisfied right after I finished Gone Girl. It just wasn't exactly the ending that I was hoping for. But now after letting it sit for a bit, I think I felt this way because throughout the book I kept flip-flopping on what ending I wanted. Because of this, I was never going to fully get my way (I have now come to terms with this and am feeling better about things). It's definitely worth the read - just prepared to be thrown for a few loop-de-loops.
While this novel is entertaining and an easy read, I knew the outcome within the first 4 chapters.  Maybe I've watched too much TV and seen too many movies but this was very predictable.  Hopefully her next novel has a little more bite.
Every twist and turn was unexpected and I loved that. I would recommend this to all those who think they can always predict what's next.
Found the plot to be a little predictable. Though I did enjoy the "Cool Girl" insights. Some of the storyline about Amy's psycho obsession was too over the top to believe.
You have to read  this book--that all I can say--peoples taste are different in books i understand.  But by reading this one you'll get what i mean!!
Loved it!  Def did not predict how this was going to play out.  Could not put it down. The only negative is it starts out a little slow but dont give up
There are always two words I use when describing Gillian Flynn's novels: dark and twisted. I am a dedicated reader of Flynn's and I mean these words as the highest compliment. All of her books have been the stuff of twisted nightmares, and her latest novel, 'Gone Girl', is no exception.'Gone Girl' is a story about a marriage, the disappearance of the wife, Amy, on their fifth wedding anniversary and the subsequent police search and investigation that follows. The book is told in three parts, which really allows the reader a deep look inside the workings of this couple and their marriage. Every chapter in the book is in alternating points of view, oscillating between the husband, Nick, and Amy. In the first part of the book, we see Nick's view of the disappearance in present time and we hear Amy's version of past events through diary entries. We really come to empathize with Amy and her struggles to make her marriage work, to make her husband happy, and to do what's needed of her. We also get to see Nick's side of the story and we learn some unfavorable things about him that turn the reader against him. The second and third parts of the story are told in present time, but continue to be in alternating points of view between Amy and Nick and we learn what has really happened in the disappearance of Amy.At first glance, 'Gone Girl' is a deep, brutally honest look inside a marriage. It may be a troubled marriage - one with problems that most couples face. But thrown in along the way are subtle details that make you wonder what is really going on. Amy has disappeared and we find out that Nick and she were having marital issues. Why does Nick have these little secrets that don't seem like much, but end up chewing away at our subconscious? The ultimate questions: What is really going on here? What really happened to Amy?Flynn doesn't let the reader wonder about things for long. In the second part of the book, she unveils the true happenings of the disappearance and of the circumstances leading up to it. All the little inconsistencies in some of the character's stories are laid out and begin to fall into place. Even though it is blatantly explained what happened to Amy in the beginning of the second part of the book, Flynn doesn't just stop there. She delves deeper into the inner workings of this couple and their marriage - into their very hearts and minds. What we end up seeing there is astonishing, bewildering, and sickening. Still, Flynn manages to write the story with such poise that it seems completely believable that this has occurred and could possibly - probably? - happen outside the frame of a novel as well.Flynn's writing style is some of the best I've ever experienced. The words seem to flow effortlessly together and the plot just seems like it was inevitable, like it was going to happen this way no matter what. The characters are so honest and flawed - so messed up - that they are utterly believable and heartfelt. The storyline is seamless and perfectly executed. She pulls you in from the very first sentence and doesn't loosen her grip until well after you've read the last page. Flynn's writing is addictive and I literally couldn't stop reading the book. I had to see what happened next, had to try to figure out what was really going on. To me, that's a sure sign of a great author - not being able to extricate yourself from the novel, even long after you've finished the last page. I certainly couldn't pull myself away, much to the neglect of my household duties and my husband's chagrin and when I had to stop reading for a bit, I went into a kind of stupor - wondering what could possibly be happening and trying to figure out how things were going to end.'Gone Girl' definitely keeps with Flynn's writing style of dark and twisted suspense thrillers, even though this wasn't as outside the box as her other two novels were. This might've been even scarier because it was actually plausible. Flynn has written some of the best suspense thrillers on the market today and I am thoroughly pleased to say that Gone Girl does not disappoint.Disclosure: I received a copy of the book from the publisher in exchange for an honest review.
A riveting book from beginning to end. It played mind games with me. Definitely an exploration of the evil in all of us.
Gillian Flynn has written an outstanding novel with a real surprise. Just as the reader hasbegun to really dislike the main character, it turns out that he is not the bad person you thinkhe is.
Clever and well written novel of a psychopath, but panders to numerous stereotypes and cliches. The story line is quite unbelievable--besides being too stretched out and an over dumbing down of the police and the FBI.SC Smith
Some couples are described as being a perfect match: made for each other. Gillian Flynn takes that notion to the extreme in her entertaining novel, Gone Girl. Wife Amy has gone missing on her fifth wedding anniversary to husband, Nick. Exposition in the novel alternates between Amy and Nick, and Flynn delighted me as she made these two characters totally unsympathetic to any reader. There are two sides to every relationship, and Flynn shows us the worst in both sides of this very toxic marriage. By the end of the novel, I was totally entertained, and satisfied that Nick and Amy are a perfect match. Readers who like offbeat, dark humor are those most likely to enjoy this novel.Rating: Three-star (Recommended)
Nick and Amy Dunne are the most boring married couple you will ever meet. Every step of the plot is routine and the story is too predictable to be interesting. The language is stale. The text is filled with tired metaphors and clich&eacute; description.
Absolutely LOVE this book! The first half was good but wasnt nearly as good until you got to the second half and realized what everything in the first half was a bout! What twists and turns it had! Have already bought it in paperback for 3 friends as gifts! I am very critical of books so if I say it was good it has to be good!
I had heard great things about this book and it was just ok for me.  Perhaps I was expecting too much.  If I had randomly bought it  at the bookstore or airport I probably would have given it more stars.  That being said while I was reading the book it was definitely a page turner for me. I think the ending was a little far fetched,  if you want an easy entertaining read I think it is worth it.  There are definitely books that are worse....
I can't understand the few negative reviews other than the reviewersare strange people.This is a great, modern piece of literature. It reads likea fast-paced thriller; while keeping you engaged through tothe end of the last page. And the ending was done extremelywell. I get annoyed when an ending is weak after reading agreat novel. But, unsually this ends with just the right words.At first I didn't buy it since I thought it was a chick-book.No 50 shades, thank you. I'm a businessman, guy's guy. Someone told me itwas not that at all. I proceeded to purchase, and in hindsightit was worth every cent, since its entertainment value is so high.Great wishes to one of the newer super-star writers...
The was slow in places but I wanted to stay with it til the end. The ending was kind of a let down, but still not a bad book.
All one has to do is read this book and it will put any plans for marching to the altar on hold real fast. Wow, what a thrill ride GONE GIRL is. Every once in a blue moon I will come across a book that I would put on the shortlist of my all-time-favorites. It happened with CIRCLE OF FRIENDS, THE HORSE WHISPERER, and THOSE WHO SAVE US. Add GONE GIRL to that list. This is one of those rare books that reels the reader in, holds you spellbound and mesmerized by the sheer insanity, and never lets go until the last page.While probably not a book for everyone, there are lots of curse words that some may find offensive, I found they added to the story. The profanity was not gratuitous by any means. It was real and compelling. The story and the characters were so realistic that I found myself getting all worked up and stressed out while reading. I was actually sweating in some parts. Once the reader gets entangled in this brilliantly conceived and even more brilliantly executed novel there is no turning back. You will find yourself staying up all night to read "just one more chapter."I read SHARP OBJECTS by Gillian Flynn and I hated it. It read like a lousy Lifetime Network "disease of the week" themed book. It's hard to believe the same person wrote GONE GIRL. The author has grown leaps and bounds and has crafted one of the most geniusly plotted books I've read in years. I liked it so much I'm tempted to go back to page one and start all over again. Don't walk, RUN to your nearest local bookstore and pick this up today. You'll be sharing it with your friends soon. Trust me.
An ingenious thriller, a great crime novel, fiendishly clever, a psychological whodunit, a mirror to how we live. That's all hype, though in this case I don't doubt the sincerity of the hype even if I don't understand or agree with it.The reaction to this book is somewhat polarized. I could indulge in a bit of hype myself and say that people love it or hate it. And then there are readers like me who don't hate it but are simply bored. The writing is good but I don't find the story or the characters compelling. As thrillers go this one has more than its share of twists, turns and dark revelations, but the roller coaster ride, as it were, feels too clever by half and contrived. There are plot holes and implausibilities. I don't care about either of the main characters, Nick or Amy, not merely because they aren't likable. I don't need to "like" characters in order to enjoy a story, but I do need to be interested in them or intrigued by them. The entire interest of this story is to see what happens next, and ultimately to see what happens at the end. That's not enough for me. As I said, the writing is good, but the good writing in this story struck me the same as watching good actors in a bad movie. Or, as my blunt and earthy grandmother used to say, it's like putting poop on vanilla ice cream.This story certainly has some psychological aspects, but only for the sake of thrills; there is no "insight." It is most definitely not "a mirror to how we live"; the characters are far too aberrational. Some of the characters, such as the police and the lawyer, are cartoonish, but maybe that was intended as humor. Those who say that this story is "ingenious" are referring, I think, to the clever planning of one of the characters. But I found nothing particularly brilliant or - more importantly - amusing about it. We are all familiar with the "perfect murder" genre. It's probably safe to say that thousands of stories have been written on that plot, in which a very clever protagonist(s) plans and executes the perfect murder. Sometimes the protagonists get away with it and sometimes they don't. One of my favorite perfect murder stories is the play by Ira Levin, "Deathtrap." (Made into an excellent movie, by the way)What I will say in this paragraph contains spoilers, so don't read it if you haven't already read this book. I think that a primary reason I did not enjoy this book (besides all the reasons mentioned previously) is because one of the main characters is a sociopath, while the other main character seems to be somewhat of a dolt. What can I say? I'm just not into sociopaths. An author can make a sociopath say or do anything without the burden of making sense. I understand why many people find sociopaths thrilling and chilling, but it's not my thing, either in books or movies. This is why I am bored with wildly popular movies such as Silence of the Lambs. "I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti." Ho-hum; yawn. The sociopath in this story doesn't eat anyone's liver, but still, when there is a sociopath in a story all bets are off. At the conclusion of the story there is no satisfaction at figuring out or understanding a sociopath, even if a reader tries to think like a sociopath. A reader can feel afraid of a sociopath, but that kind of fear feels derivative, like feeling afraid of the bogeyman under the bed. An author can make them as evil and clever as she wants, but that doesn't make them interesting as far as I'm concerned. Time magazine said, "It will make you have a good hard think about who the person on the other side of the bed really is." The Columbus Dispatch said, "It's a study of marriage at its most destructive." This is just more hype. Gone Girl is not anything like a study of marriage. It's not even a study of sociopaths. One of the main characters just happens to be a sociopath, because only a sociopath could do the things this character does. I suppose the most compelling part of this story is to see who wins the final battle: The dolt or the clever sociopath? I don't care. I'm giving the book three stars because, even though I don't like it I can recognize that it is a decent thriller for readers who are thrilled by clever sociopaths.At this point I will confess that I've read about two-thirds of this book and I'm giving up. Part of me wants to finish so I can see how it all winds down. But my better judgment is telling me there are more interesting books to read. I like to read a couple of thrillers each summer. Gone Girl was supposed to be the antidote for another disappointing bestseller, Defending Jacob (which I managed to finish, to my regret). I'm still looking for a thriller that will keep me on the edge of my seat, and as far as I'm concerned, Gone Girl is gone, and good riddance.
Great writing and a unique approach. No stereotypes here. Rich characters and a moving story kept me glued. Great job.
3 stars because I am approx. 60 pages into this story and it's borderline tedious. It's all &#34;window dressing&#34;, unimportant information for the most part. I don't care about the characters at all, the pace is very slow and nothing much is happening. I am tempted to not continue. Persuade me not to stop reading. Maybe the 3 stars is being generous, so convince me. Thanks.
This is one of the best reads I have ever come across. The story is told in a novel way and contains unbelievably complex twists.
This book was sad in that the main characters were a bit unbalanced and sad.  I don't know who I was most upset with the wife who planned it all or the husband who seemed to be out to lunch.
Delightful peculiar suspense drama. I love the way the author wrote this - sucked you in - and just when you thought you knew what was coming next... Bam!  Total surprise. Great read!
At my sister-in-law's recommendation I read this sorry piece of fiction. Not only do I have to see her tomorrow, she'll ask me about this disappointing read.  This could have been a great book the structure and topic had real potential. In fact, I know a couple where the woman was just short of being Amy in her sociopathic manipulations that almost killed her husband so the plot is very believable. Flynn's voice and lack of respect for her audience plagued this book.  Flynn couldn't seem to stop herself from cheap cliches (Jaqueline Collings ~ ridiculous!) and over-done characterizations that last clear to the you-figure-it-out ending. It seemed Flynn was trying too hard to be clever and instead of being intriguing, she was annoying. Lastly, the abundant use of parenthetical statements drove me nuts.  For example: "They say it is important for Nick and me (the correct grammar) to have time to heal." If Flynn thought the use of a zillion parenthetical statements enriched the characterization or scene setting, she missed the mark or has dreadfully poor editors. It is clear that Flynn has market acclaim, which is an achievement. Again, the story had real potential, but was ruined by Flynn's lack of restraint.
How difficult it is to really write from two perspectives. She nailed it in this book. Great story line with twisters and tornado's. Read it in one day and actually made sounds out loud. So great book.. No spoilers just read it!
This was one of those books I could not put down.  It was well written, an interesting tale of betrayal, intrigue and payback.  I recommend it for someone who wants to escape into a good read.
Enthralling rollercoaster. Frustrating, just like a marriage. Flynn does an amazing job at manipulating your feelings as if you were experiencing the story firsthand.
A psychological thriller that speaks to current preoccupations with status, class and the veneer of success we project to the world compared to the turbulent, complex emotions within. In this book the main characters are in varying degrees of denial about their lives and feelings, a problematic state of mind that is endemic in 21st century American society.
I read a lot of Gillian Flynn books reviews and I wanted to give her a chance. I read Dark Places and I did not like  it but Gone Girl was on the best seller list for a long time and got great overall reviews-so I gave it a shot.I really enjoyed the book.I love Flynn's characters, the husband-Nick the good looking guy and Amy the beautiful cool girl everybody wanted to be with. And after five years of marriage, Amy disappears.Flynn plot had me wanting me to get back to reading and to finishing the book. A thriller with  a lot of twist and turns .  One truism that holds true  is that things never appears to be what they seemed. The perfect beautiful couple are rarely beautiful and perfect and especially these characters were not very likable either.The ending was a stretch and somewhat not entirely plausible.But, I highly recommend It and Gillian Flynn is a talent to be reckon with-the book will be a movie so I look forward to seeing to seeing the movie version of Gone Girl.
The book was great overall. The twists I didnt see coming, it was not predictalbe, shich is a nice change. HOWEVER i felt the ending felll flat. It left me very disappionted. The whole book was well planned and thoughtoout by the author. Keeping everything straight, so the end was just very flat. It left me saying to myself, really?thats it? Wow I felt like I wasted the whole book for a disapppointing ending. I hope they change the end for the movie.
A great mysteryThe middle has a surprise that changes the whole story.You want to read and read until you get to the end.
This is a fast moving book, but the two main characters were ultra-manipulative, selfish people.  The twist that keeps you reading is that they are totally unpredictable and you wonder what will happen next.  I can see it was left open for a sequel, but I have no desire to see what they will do next.  I was kind of hoping they'd kill each other off in the end, but instead they're going to inflict a new generation with their solipsistic ways.  So disappointed.
Great idea, great plot, well written, tautly paced, then as the revelations begin, the story loses its way. Credibility is blown, and the ironic outcome doesn't seem to fit the rest of the book. Having said that, I mostly liked it and will try another of Gillian Flynn's novels. I'd also add the caveat that of my own books, three are mysteries with thriller elements, and Gone Girl is better than at least two of them!
when there is only one, really......amazing.  One of the most incredible books I have ever read out of 60 some years of reading.  No flaws......none.  Just pure literary perfection, like sweet creme on fresh berry words.
Ms. Flynn's first book was superlative. Her second was befuddling. I don't even know what to say about this one. It starts out with a bang, the reader is drawn into the creepy everyman charm of the lead character Nick. His brittle sardonic wry commentary on his failings and foibles, his descent into mediocrity in Missouri (a fate worse than death). His irreverent relationship with his formerly beloved wife, who apparently has crashed from her former pedestal and is now an object of distaste. Did he do away with her? I couldn't turn the pages fast enough I couldn't put it down. Then shriek crash a 180 degree turn and we're careening off in a new direction. Hang on what goes here! And then...a gradual decline. By the time I got to the end I so thoroughly disliked just about every single character, most particularly the two protagonists, that I just wanted it to be over. It reminded me very strongly of War of the Roses, a good character study of a selfish venal vindictive couple. As they swing to their final crashing interlocked fate you are thinking did two people ever deserve each other more.
I enjoyed this book greatly. The twists never ended! Definitely keeps your attention. I hope that you enjoy this as much as I did.
This book was suggested at our last book club meeting and I decided to read it.  It didn't take me long to finish it as I couldn't put it down.  I don't normally like stories that go back and forth between two different characters, but this was different.  This gives psycho a whole new meaning.  Sometimes you have to wonder where an author comes up with the ideas.  Great book!
I really didn't like either main character - too self centered and either unwilling or too lazy to work on the relationship.  Kind of a &#34;war of the Roses&#34; feeling.
THIS MYSTERY STARTS WITH A BANG AND DOES NOT LET GO. IT IS FULL OF TWISTS AND TURNS,ALWAYS UNEXPECTED. I COULD NOT WAIT TO TURN THE PAGE TO SEE WHAT WAS COMING NEXT.!!!
Couldn't put it down.  Tightly written, totally creepy, loved every minute.  Definitely one of the best I've read in a long time.
Now I know why this has been on the best seller list for so long.  This story  gives one cause to think
Sick. Sick. Sick. Sick. I wanted Amy to die too. That there was a better ending. And Nick could have a life. And I am a female!
A girl and boy marry, live a typical fun life, but when they become unemployed,and move to the boys home town, their personalities change and live becomes mayhem.Crazy people doing crazy things. A slow start, but then the thriller part starts!! A good read
I decided to read this book because of all of the glowing reviews.  Even the bad reviews, most of which criticized the ending, mentioned that the writing was &#34;brilliant.&#34;  This is what kept me slogging through the first three or so awful, horrible chapters with overwrought phraseology describing the inner thoughts of immature, narcissistic characters (there is a reason I have no interest in reading the diaries of teenage girls.  Perhaps the title of &#34;Gone GIRL&#34; should have been a clue).  I forced myself on to get to at least the crisis point of the wife disappearing.  Then it did get interesting for the middle part of the book.  But then, like &#34;The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo,&#34; it kept going beyond the resolution, and was not particularly interesting or plausible at the end.  I would not say that the writing is notable and I wasn't so invested as to be let down by the ending.  The trunk of the plot was fine though the branches were uneven.  I don't regret reading it, as I did &#34;The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo&#34; or feel that &#34;There went X hours of my life that I'll never get back,&#34; as with the film &#34;Gertrud.&#34;  In summary, it was an OK way to pass some time and I don't understand the glowing reviews.
Could hardly put it down!  Very suspenseful!  May read some of her other books. Recommended by a friend who also loved it.
after struggling thru the twists and turns of this book had to admit it was totally unpredictable for me.  It's worth the read, but a bit of a female train of thought to get thru.
so I retread it. Of course I recalled it before I got there. So I quit reading.  Would I recommend d it to a friend?  Not really. Was it interesting? Yes.  Spellbinding?  No. One is left with the idea those two do, really do, deserve each other. This is one of those books that one could read if they had already read all the good stuff and nothing else looked interesting.
I found the story to be slightly unbelievable in how much the "hero" allowed the "heroine" to manipulate him.  The ending was totally unsatisfying.
Devoured this book during a beach weekend.  HIghly recommended from a friend, and I have also passed this novel along to others ... who have equally enjoyed this book. A+++
I can say no more than I have said above.  I tried to get this book for some time and now I know why it was never available in libraries and sold out in book stores.  A very sophisticated, mind-bending thriller.  This book just HAS to be a movie.
While I'm not a Pollyanna, I found this story of a man-child and a manipulator really sad.  I kept waiting for something redemptive but, once I finished it, I wondered why I wasted my time.
This was really a great book, one that I didn't want to put down.  The story was very intriguing and somewhat unsettling.
Having a hard time reading this book!  I have yet to finish it.  Hopefully it will improve as I go on!
Loved this book, what a story. A great read for a summer vacation because you won't want to put it down!
"Gone Girl" is an entertaining book that is thoroughly messed up, but in a good way.  I liked the division of the books into different viewpoints and consequently your view of the characters is significantly altered.
I don't usually read mysteries but was drawn in by the rave reviews and I am so glad I read this.  It's a tough read, from a psychological standpoint, but worth it, because Gillian Flynn is a wonderful writer.  Her characters are richly drawn and she writes beautifully and with humor.  But her stand out quality (at least in this book) is her ability to craft a intricate, clever plot (with twists) with virtually no holes and well-hidden clues.  Equally as impressive is her detailed and fascinating portrayal of a dysfunctional, co-dependent marriage.  I don't want to say more for fear of spoiling the book, but this is definitely worth the read.
Gone Girl had me going from the start.  It was a fast-moving drama that kept you guessing from one page to the next..Was Nicka killer...was Amy dead, and who would want to kill her?  Why is Nick so calm?  Was he just as quirky as Amy?I expected a different ending, though.  I kept going back to see if I had missed something.  I would recommend this bookto those who enjoy a good mystery that keeps you glued to the story and wondering &#34;who dunnit?
I'm a new mom and a nursing mom at that, so I have a lot of time on my hands these days to sit around and read. I got this book two days ago and I finished it this afternoon. It doesn't end as well as I would have liked it to, but It's still incredibly captive and I couldn't put it down. A definite must-read for someone who can handle explicit sexual speak, and 'curse' words.
Nothing redeeming about the characters, so-so story line that has been done repeatedly but this time it NEVER ends.  Just when you think it is blessedly over, the author drags out another trite ending. . ad nauseum.  I threw this book away after finishing (FINALLY!!!)  because I would not inflict it on anyone else.  Everyone I have talked to about the book has negative feelings and remarks.  Save your money and your time, there are too many great books out there to waste either on this one.
I really enjoyed reading this intense book..the writing was fine and clear. I would read it again..and again and then loan it out..
Very good writing; I couldn't put this book down.  Others have criticized the ending, but I thought it ended similar to a "Twilight Zone" episode.  Due to Nick's mistakes and infidelity of the past, he ends up being totally controlled by Amy, a monster, with no way out.  He is in "prison" with a life sentence.  EVERYTHING Nick does, or doesn't do, will be scrutinized by Amy; if any "mistake" is made by Nick, and Amy will retaliate.
When I finished this book, I thought, "This book was written with a movie in mind."  Even though the book is told from the minds or diaries of the two main characters, Amy and Nick, their thoughts were so predictably "missing person drama" that I found them banal.  The language is flat and artless.  The situation is straight from a TV drama like CSI.  The dramatic arcs seemed plotted, predictable.  Even though the story is told form the alternating minds of the two characters (through dairies, books), and enough clues and details are strewn throughout, the book feels to me like a sketch for a show, a screenplay with some adjectives and adverbs added.I blame the reviewer in Entertainment Weekly who loved this book.  I'm not saying that I could foresee everything that happened in the book (I didn't), but that everything which happened conformed to a version of what an exciting missing persons Hollywood drama would do, like Julia Roberts' movie "Sleeping with the Enemy," or "The Hand that Rocks the Cradle."  An initially appealing character is not who she seems to be.  In fact, not only is she not sympathetic, but every assumption is turned on its head, including peripheral characters like her parents, and other suspects.  Perhaps this is what is expected for a topical book.  Others will disagree, but I believe life is too short to read topical books.  That is to say, life is too short to read about two-dimensional characters who adhere to a plot that itself adheres to a blockbuster type of dramatic arc.To unfairly compare this book to one of real dramatic change: Cassandra Mortmain in "I Captured the Castle," by Dodie Smith, is real the minute she writes, "I sit writing this in the kitchen sink."  The book also has unpredictable, surprising turns, but the character development is so nuanced and complex that we feel completely sympathetic to the unorthodox circumstances.  Again, the talent of the writer is not in her subject, but in her words.The day I finished the book, I heard that the movie rights to the book have been sold.  Q.E.D.
Trapped me from the first two chapters. Had never come across such a writing concept before.The story set-up and the writing style make this intriguing book hard to put down!
I thought this book was great. I was confused, in disbelief, and finally convinced that Nick had killed his wife.  Maybe he did and maybe he didn't.  You toss back and forth through most of the novel.  The author writes a very intense novel, that is hard to put down. It is not one of those books you can read quickly, but you want to. You wish you could get to the end and find out what happens, but you can't because the author keeps you enthralled in the twisting plot of the book and you cannot skip any of the book to find out what is happening.  Amy & Nick, a very intelligent, awesome young  couple, who find out they really are not who they think they are.  Amazing Amy and wholesome Nick are fascinating, really compelling and completely captivating.  I was up and down and totally convinced I knew what was taking place only to find out, I was wrong. The language is intense and so is the story. I loved the roller coaster ride and I was surprised over and over again. Read if you can take the suspense.
This was a real chore to read!  I don't know who edited this book but the story could have used a good cut of 100 pages or so. I fizzled out around page 120 and went right to the back. Too much flory dora adjectives to enjoy the story line. This was not meant to be a Joyce Carol Oates novel. A mystery has to move! This had a turtle stuck to it.  Also, I don't know if anyone caught this but when I read it I went huh?  On page 38 - the July 5th diary entry - Amy puts in .... "shuffling out the door in my swingy tweed coat............" in July a tweed coat??? Really??? There are many others if you are really paying attention. Could have had a much better ending if the book was edited besides being wayyy too long! (sigh) The movie should be better. It will hopefully be only 1.5 hrs long!  Guess the edit got done there!
This book was good, but I didn't find it as enthralling as I thought I was going to. The characters are oddly constructed and in many ways, well, horrible people. And it's hard to like horrible people, but not impossible. So, with that in mind, I'm not going to write an incredibly long summary--if you want that, then there are plenty of reviews that do that for you--but this book was worth a read, and,  if nothing else, its paperback price tag.
I liked it but got bored with it, it was just okay. I did not like the ending, wish he would have left her.
What an amazing book!  As you delve into the story, you really aren't sure where it's going or which character to root for.  And there were a couple of big twists that I really didn't see coming.  I would definitely recommend this book and I'll be reading the author's other titles.
Gone Girl isn't perfect, but the unusual style, depth of descriptions (sometimes overdone), and clever-but-not-coy writing make it a very worthwhile read.The writer does a spot-on job chronicling what has happened to many semi-affluent (weren't they once related to yuppies?) couples who have experienced the stress of our economic times and emerged not so sweetly.  Bringing them to a middle class town, now a shell thanks to the housing bust and recession, adds another contrast between self-satisfied big city folk and their heart of America counterparts.Here is where the author is best at irony: the couple is there because of the recession and changes in technology (i.e., computers/Internet over paper media) and the townies are in decline over the same thing (blue book manufacturing companies no longer needed).I thought the verbal shorthand between Nick and Amy  to be totally believable and what made the ending understandable.People call it a thriller, but I found that not entirely so.  Granted, there were cops, clues, plot twists, a few tense scenes, and  plenty of red herrings, but that wasn't the soul of the story for me. I would recommend this book to those who savor good writing and a cast of detailed and methodically drawn characters.So, what should you do?A. Put this title on your dusty books-I-Should Read ListB. See if you can filch it from a friend's bookshelfC.  Be the ideal husband: immediately get it for your wife and have it gift wrapped in her favorite color paperD. Buy it at full price and never loan it out, sweetly mentioning that  authors should be supported or we will lose themDancing Monkeys will answer C.  Amazing Amys will KNOW D. is the perfect thing to do....
So sad how disappointing this book was. Unending vulgar language, sexous, misogynist characters, extremely disappointing ending.Terrible waste of good earned money.
Many twists and turns! The ending was a bit disappointing but most of the book had me biting my nails.
SPOILER ALERT  I was totally engrossed in this story - the examination of the marriage of Amy and Nick and how it evolved and went wrong, then Flynn decided to go for the cheap ending.  It reminded me of my English teacher friend who won't let her students end their stories with &#34;and then I woke up&#34;.  She says making it all a dream eliminates the need for it to make sense.  Making Amy a diabolical psycho that can't be outsmarted allowed for an illogical ending (no one verified Desi's alibi or whereabouts for weeks?).
I was really enjoying this book, thinking of friends that would enjoy it..  Then, the ending.  Did the author just get tired?  For the book to be that good and the ending that bad feels like I was cheated!  Haven'tread anything from this author before, not sure I will.
this book did not worth the money that I paid the price should be $1 not a good writing and the story did no have a conclousion
You can write a book without excessive vileness. The story was good you keep on going thinking the language will improve - it doesn't.  The story wraps you up and Keeps you going. The twists and turns are things that prod you on passed the vileness. The ending disappoints. Truly I wasted my time.
i really enjoyed this book. It kept me guessing until the end. I just wasn't crazy about the ending. I felt like it ended too abruptly.
This book was simply gripping, a roller-coaster of betrayals and compromises that kept my interest throughout. One of those books you have to wolf down in short order.
Lots of twists and turns in the plot.  I enjoyed it, and will look for some other books by this author.
A story of families of non-normal to psychotic characters who merge to try to outdo one another in lies and revenge.
I like it when  a book not only entertains me but challenges me as well. Some of the scenarios were really far out but I kept turning the pages. A well written tale.
I so enjoyed this book that I am now reading her first book "Sharp Objects". "Gone Girl" is a page turner. I did figure out part of the plot but there was enough surprises to keep me interested. I would recommend this book.
By now, if you haven't read this book, you, at least, know what the premise is. Just when the reader thinks he/she might have this one figured out, there's a twist that changes everything...and it happens regularly. Attachments to the characters change often, as do their personalities. I've heard a lot of complaining about the ending but couldn't see it happening any other way. Loved it and looking forward to seeing the movie. Halfway through I found out who is slated for the part of Nick and I could picture him through the rest of the book.
Great story and had a surprising ending I didn't see coming.  Catches reader from the beginning and through to the last word.
I read this book as the first book assigned by our new Book Club at work. Hadn't heard about it until it was assigned, but I loved it! I liked the way it was written, it made the story move quickly. Also liked the way the book was written in the first person by 2 different people showing how two different people described/experienced the same situation. The way the plot twists and turns kept me guessing almost right up to the end. Great book. I highly recommend anyone to read it.
This is one of the best novels I have read in years. The plot is different and very well written and thought out. I chose it because it was on the best seller list for a long time. My only criticisim is that it was so well written that the low class language could have been left out. I also felt that I would have liked a final ending, but I have a feeling there could be a Part II.
I couldn't 'turn the pages' any quicker (using an earlier version of Kindle)I have not delighted in such fiendish writing in ages. The clever, CLEVER twists and totally "IN the head of the character's" writing was so captivating I embarrassingly admit to outbursts of emotes that even had my husband asking, "WHAT?!" and then me filling him in on the wickedness of this story. I can't retell like the Ms. Flynn wrote it, but 2nd hand, my husband was engrossed too.Brilliant, I think...this writing --about absolute insanity delivered in bursts of revelations about the 'truth' of the choices of each character---was done so by Flynn to keep us wondering from first chapter to last word...a 'WHATtheHELLisgoingON????' And then a "HOW sick is THAT person!"I read on IMBD it will be a movie...or it's been bought for such. I say, READ THIS FIRST. It will be a killer-flick, but NOTHING will do what your own head does while reading this.Enjoy!PS Now onto my 2nd choice by this author ("Gone" was  my first read of hers): "Dark Places" --Equally bizarre and delectable.
Loved this book.  It was tightly written and witty with a few interesting twists here and there.  The characters were fleshed out.  A real page-turner, that kept me reading well into the night.  So many entertaining novels are poorly written pulp.  Gone Girl was an entertaining well written novel.
No real biggie - am half-way through it and not sure I'll finish it. Characters are too wishy washy for me
I started out really liking this book. It is well written & very suspensful at first. But as I got further into the book & the story developed, I started to feel as if I was being led around by the author on a very mentally sick & cruel journey. I hated most of the characters, & felt sorry for a few. I know very well that in every story the author plays God, but here, as the reader, I felt like a fool for caring for anyone. This type of action may well be true to life,  but it holds out no hope for the human conscience & soul. Perhaps that is the message, and as Ayan Rand said,  this is just the &#34;banality of evil &#34; once again exposed to those of us who don't get it yet.
I read this book, it started out really good, then just got unbelievable. Don't get me started on the ending o/r lack thereof. I can't believe I read the whole book for that ending, I was so mad and disappointed. Don't bother.
The perspective of the two narrators keeps this book interesting, although the characters both end up being pretty twisted.  The author is good at building suspense and making the reader keep on reading.
Interesting book and was a very fast read. Actually could not put it down as you had to see what was going to happen next. I hated the characters in the book, very shallow people...but I recommend they highly as it will keep you in suspense.
This book was very disappointing.  There is not one character that you can engage with or care about what happens to them in the novel.  It drags along through the first half of the book and then you get a little twist in the plot and think,  &#34;maybe now&#34;.  This hope is short lived as these miserable, nasty people continue with their meaningless lives.  The end of the book provides a mere glimmer of interest but, I won't spoil that little moment for you.  Good luck with this.
Good book, not a great ending. Wish the author would have really ended it and made a choice. Not sure I want to read anything else by this author.
I really enjoyed it. It was a fun, easy read but as a number of others have said the ending was weak, but the rest of it made for a good &#34;beach&#34; read.
I began GONE GIRL being very enthused by the well-paced storyline and skillfully crafted language.  It promised to be a tale about a young marriage, gone awry during the changing events in today's America, which is often fraught with economic and subculture struggles.  It initially offered a believeable theme to which many readers could relate.  If one is interested in how people from the distinct, rival regions of the US can marry and survive eachothers' cultural mindsets, then this book is a good example of 'North Meets South'. But as the story progressed, something in the tale shifted.As the plot neared its end, I became disappointed with the lack of a clear conclusion.  I will admit that writing a good conclusion, and not just 'stopping' a novel, is not easy.  However with this book, I sensed that the author's excellent characterizations could not be 'let go', so the tale sort of peetered out without wrappping up any of the main- or sub-plots.  Maybe the author wanted her readers to get caught up in the mindsets of her main characters, as she seemed to do.Finally I felt frustrated and fed up with the theme that became unrealistic with its increasing angst, agony and one-dimensional character mindsets.  Was this intended as a psycological thriller or something else?  Not sure. Somewhere in the middle of this novel, Ms. Flynn seemed to change her mind about what genre of story she wanted to tell.However the author uses very skilled language.  Her use of changing, narrator perspective is unique and makes the reading interesting.  Her depiction of setting is very good, in that the descriptions are spare, yet clearly stated.Gillian Flynn has talent and I would be interested in her future writing, in order to share in her journey as a storyteller.
I love a book that gives you a clear mental image and that you dont want to put down. I did not want to put this down. At the end of each chapter I said to myself..NO WAY. It is gripping and suspensful and unbelievable, if you buy only 1 book this year buy this one. I cant wait to read her other books!
I couldn't finish this book - finally gave up on it around page 75. In my opinion, Flynn comes across as a real amateur; instead of being able to build a suspenseful story that is engaging, she seems distracted by listening to how her cutesy, clever words sound to herself.Good story tellers are not hung up on such beginner-level "Look, Ma, I'm a writer!" such things.Extremely disappointing. I will not be trying out any of her other books.
I appreciated her writing style, coming across as very believable in both the female and the male voices.  The premise was interesting, and I found the book to be an easy read.
There is an old saying that no one really knows what goes on in another person's life and this is especially true of Nick and Amy's marriage. Amy's surprise disappearance on their 5th wedding anniversary sets this story out on a suspenseful search on what happened to her. I don't want to disclose too much as to ruin the book for everyone. I'll just say that there are many twists and turns. It's much more than a suspenseful novel. The pychological aspects add a great depth and make it multidimensional.One of the best reads of 2012.
I read this because everybody said, &#34;Good read&#34;.  I stuck with it for the same reason.  But I did find it slow and too long.
I was really impressed by the first half of the dark suspense novel GONE GIRL and it kept me quickly turning the pages to see what was going to happen next. Author Gillian Flynn does a great job of giving the reader the background of Amy the beautiful young woman that goes missing. Amy seemed so perfect her psychologist parents even became rich writing best selling children's novels about her. Amy's husband Nick a handsome young writer who lost his job as a Manhattan magazine writer before returning with Amy to his small Missouri hometown to tend to his ailing parents is also portrayed in a full and sympathetic light in the book's beginning. Yet about halfway through GONE GIRL there is a surprising twist and unfortunately the novel never returns to the strong storyline and believable character development with which it started. I found the ending particularly unsatisfying. Gillian Flynn is a promising American author in the suspense category and I enjoyed her previous novels DARK PLACES and SHARP OBJECTS and I hope her best works are still to come.
I've seen a lot of reviews that lower their rating for the book because they don't like the ending.  If I'd written it, I can't imagine how I would have ended it - but the rest of the story was so compelling, it was well worthwhile.  First &#34;can't put it down&#34; book I've read in a while.
Plot was different than the usual mystery/suspense book with great flow.  Lots of character development & you are never quite sure whether you like or loathe some key characters  I THINK I might be disappointed in the ending but not sure yet.  It was one of the better books I've read this year.
Just when you think you may have one part figured out, everything shifts and you cannot tell what is truth, what is imagination and what is out-and-out lies! Makes you look at how well you THINK you know your mate... Narrated in alternating views of the husband and wife, you see both sides of a plot where the art of manipulation is taken to new heights. Very highly recommended: I loved it!!
We are reading this nbook for our Feb book club selection. I'm still angry with the ending! I like closure. What can I say?I am recommending Gone Girl to friends. I also recommended it to another book club.
i loved this book. it keeps you guessing, to say the least, up til the last word. a fascinating character study, and a study of a marriage, popular culture, and pop crime knowledge. so well worth reading. highly recommended. would love to read the sequel.....doubt there will be one, but it would be very interesting to say the least.
I couldn't put it down ...had to finish to the very end. I am looking forward to the movie with Ben
Very cleverly written, suspenseful. Hard to put down.  I would highly recommend. Actually looked forward to reading it and chose doing that over other usual entertainment.
If you love a good mystery that will keep you guessing, this is the book for you.  I found myself totally invested in the characters, the outcome, the twists and turns, and did not figure out any of the plot lines before hand.  This is definitely NOT a lovely stroll through a content well-balanced marriage story.  Instead, it is a dark, disturbing tale of the horrors a couple can inflict upon one another in the supposed name of &#34;love&#34;.  I was engrossed from the start and could not turn the pages fast enough!  I will go on to read Ms. Flynn's other novels as well.
I'm not sure if I enjoyed this story!  I had to keep on reading, I wanted to know what was going on.  In that way, the story was compelling.  By the end, I was a little let down.  It was an odd ending.
Here's a novel where the reader cannot determine who the villain is until more than halfway through. Truth be told. there are really no good guys but one person stands out worse than all the rest!
From beginning to end this book had me.  I like to try and figure out the story, but this one had me stumped till the end.  A far-fetched story that becomes believable.  The format is intriguing and beguiling.Really good read.
Wow, wow and wow!Two things you need to know about this book:1. You must read it, but be warned - you will read until the last page without regard for sleep or other possible distractions.2. Once you finish, don't spoil the fun for others, so keep the novel's secrets to yourself.
You can read the plot anywhere by now, but I will tell you my reaction to this book. It is good, even very good with twists, some of which are obvious.The first half is wonderful and I was drawn in. The problem is that neither Nick nor Amy are likeable or worth caring about.This story deserved an ending that kicks one in the stomach and leaves the reader reeling. but this is not a PD James or Tana French book. It dissolves into a soft puddle of acid. Not heartbreaking at any rate, just ultimately boring. Revenge here, who cares. a sequel could only be trite.Yet, still that first half is so good!
I was very happy to discover this author.  This book is one that you want to keep reading.  It does not drag on.  BUT I was disappointed with the ending.  It leaves it up to reader to imagine the ending.
This book was very well written by a new modern writer.  Lots of twists and turns in the plot and an interesting ending.
Definitely a couldn't-put-it-downer. Not wild about the ending, but I really couldn't come up with a ending that I feel would be better. Considering the two main characters, maybe that was the only way it could end. Good read.
Told from 2 points of view, which kept it interesting. Absolutely insane story that anyone who has ever had a marital spat should read. Surprise ending!
I don't normally read reviews prior to reading a book, because so often the plot is given away. I enjoy the magic of my own discovery.  However, wish I had on this one.  As other reviewers have noted, the first 3/4 of the book is well written and the story well told.  The last quarter left me trying to hard to determine who was the protagonist here, perhaps there isn't one.  The end of the story left me feeling down, bareMy other issue with is book the foul language on nearly every page.  Just too much for me.  In my reality, I don't know people who speak that way all the time, hardly know people who speak like that any of the time.This book may be enjoyed by some, but not by those of us who tend to be more traditional and who are looking for a stimulating read.  The author has potential, if she would clean up her act and create better endings.
Book was recommended to me had a hard time getting interested at first as I read more really  Liked it couldn't put it away a lot of different  suspects just when you think you have it figured out then you get surprised again will  read more books by this author.  Keeps you interested
This was kind of slow getting started but the more you read,the faster you turn the pages...I admit I enjoyed the book somewhat,and I loved the twists & turns which really kept the reader guessing;HOWEVER,the ending is so abrupt,its like the author just got tired of writing and suddenly quit....Don't care for that type of ending...so,OK book but left you frustrated with the end.
A fast read b ecause you HAVE go find out what happens next.  Language , thoughts, of bothhusband and wife suggest they are evil. Read it now--it will be a movie in a year.!
I was extremely disappointed at the ending.  I hate people who get away with bad things and this is what happened in this book.  I didn't need to get to the very end to find that there was no punishment for this horrible woman.  I suppose the punishment could be that they are now tied together for life, but in my mind, that's just not enough.  I am deleting this from my Kindle.  It doesn't deserve the space.
If there's one thing I've learned, it's that you can never know what goes on between two people behind closed doors.  Certainly that idea is at the heart of Gillian Flynn's third thriller, Gone Girl.  It's the story Nick and Amy Dunne.  Amy has disappeared on the fifth anniversary of their marriage.  There are signs of a struggle at the house.  Nick is sick with worry.The tale of what happened is relayed in alternating first-person he said/she said chapters.  Additional interest and suspense are created by the fact that the two narratives are not on the same timeline.  Nick's narrative is taking place in the present day and describes the police investigation into Amy's disappearance and the many surprising details that come to light in the wake of that event.  Amy's narrative is in the form of a diary written during the course of their courtship and marriage.  As time passes and Amy remains missing, her narrative is steadily moving towards the day of her disappearance.  There are plenty of shocking revelations that will come from her as well.The twist is that these are both unreliable narrators--and absolutely fascinating characters!  Nick, Amy, and the many supporting characters are terrifically well-drawn.  But plot is king here, and Gillian Flynn has constructed a top-notch page-turner.  There were twists, turns, surprises, and out and out jaw-droppers all along the way.  I couldn't put it down.  More than anything, I was just delighted with a mystery that didn't follow the conventional formulas.  The structure added real interest to the reading experience, and Flynn kept me guessing until the bitter end.  Bravo!
Good Book ! Great guessing game. I love the style of her writing..Can't wait to read more of her books real soon!
Initially, I had a hard time getting into this book: everyone was just too perfect. When I was tiring of the first part, the second part began with character changes that were more true to themselves. Before reading, I read some reviews that were disappointed in the conclusion; however, I applaud the ending. Think about it! I loved the ending and couldn't have imagined it any other way! Very fitting!
I really disliked this book.  It is dark, displays absolutely no higher values/virtuesthrough any of the characters, and when done with it, I wished I hadn't perserved, but given up on page 180.Of course, this is my personal opinion, and others might find the suspense riveting.  I found Amy's twistedness boring and the fecklessness of Nick and Amy's parents rather sad.  This book left a bad taste in my mouth.
I put off buying this book because of the reviews trashing the ending. I finally bought it because there were so many great reviews. I wish I could get my money back. The writing is not bad, but I got so bored I would forget I was reading it. I had no desire to get back to my book and find out what happened. I stopped reading half way through.
I was really looking forward to reading this book because I had heard so much about it.  I had a hard time getting into it.  Didn't relate to the characters and didn't like Amy at all.  I skipped through a lot of it.  It started getting better about halfway through but I guess it's just not my kind of book. I don't plan on reading another book by this author.
The book is extremely well written and holds you in suspense.  Great read with several plot twists.  I can understand why it remained on the best selllers list for so long
I enjoyed the fact that the main characters weren't very likeable, like in Alex Gorringe'sJust Me Myself I, and equally well-written.  A well-crafted thriller.
It is "Amazing" how Gillian Flynn can write with great accuracy the two-sided aspect of a person's psyche.  We all have them...the darker side and the public-normal side.  The character Amy Elliotte Dunne, artfully created by Ms. Flynn, depicts the brilliant, beautiful, sympathetic persona of a psycho bitch; seamlessly displaying this two-dimensional personality. Nick Dunne, an absolute cad of a husband, eventually becomes the sympathetic, misunderstood victim readers want to see be avenged for what was done to him. This kind of character development requires skill and commitment to details.  Gillian Flynn has honed these skills, creating another great read to get lost in.  WHEW!!!
Once I got into the story then I didn't want to put it down because I wanted to see what was going to happen. Twisted but kept you guessing.
Just when you think you've figured it out, it wiggles around and goes somewhere completely different. Makes you think about all those shocking stories in the news, and monsters in human form.
I chose this rating because I did not like the book.  I could not relate to any of the characters in a positive way.  I was disappointed with the ending.
This book was really good, interesting and well written.....until the last quarter. I agree with another reviewer who said that it seems that Gillian Flynn was writing and suddenly got tired and decided to just end the book. The ending was absolutely bizarre, unrealistic and ridiculous and, in my opinion, tarnished an otherwise great book. After finishing, I felt very, VERY surprised that this book is a NYT best seller with an ending like that...
Very powerful novel!  I could not put it down.  I was very disapointed by the ending...even angry at the author. But that's personal!
&#34;Gone Girl,&#34; is a not-so-whodunit. It's sort of like &#34;Motive,&#34; the show currently on TV where you know the victim and the killer right off the bat. &#34;Gone Girl&#34; is a little like the show. You know who the bad person is and who the victim is only to find out in the end...Nope. No spoilers here. I pretty much figured out how this was going to play out only to be slightly surprised at the end. I hear there is a movie out and the ending has been changed. This can be a good thing if the movie changed it the way I hoped. If not, well then it will be rather disappointing like the book. Which is not to say a reason not to read it. It's pretty interesting and it kept me going to the end. I hope the movie has the ending I wanted! Read the book. It's worth it.
Wow!  What can I say that hasn't been said already!  Quite possibly one of the most intriguing mystery/thriller/suspense books I have ever read!  I just didn't see "that" coming was what I said over and over in this great read.  One of the few books I have ever read that I wanted to pick it up and read it again right after I finished to see all of the clues I missed the first time around.  Bravo!
I was hoping for a great read  but was disappointed.  Silly story,  would make a better movie than book with a good casting, which is unusual.
This book was so captivating and cleverly woven throughout that I just knew and expected there to be a very clever twist at the end where Amy would get caught up in her lies and pay for her crime.  Alas, it was not to be.  Totally disappointing!
This book is also sort of a mystery.  The book held my interest. There was variety among the characters and I did not find any dry or boring areas.
I read this book fairly quickly as it's one of those books that makes you want to know what happens next. Unfortunately by the end I was just hoping the two main characters would be gone. The writer is very talented and put together an interesting story that obviously has drawn a lot of fans.  But for me, it's just not a book I'd recommend a friend to read.
There is no happy ending there is only a christened couple that hat/ lobe each other.  Ok So I can live without a happy ending but the ending is just sick.
A happy couple marries, but sometimes these things don't last.  Having been laid off from their jobs in New York City, and low on rent income, they move into a tract home the husband's parents own in his hometown in Missouri.  His sister, with whom he has always been close, has preceded them for the same reason.  He borrows money from her to open a bar.  The the wife and the sister have little in common, so the husband's spending time running the bar doesn't work for the wife, leaving her to find fault with him and their boring life.At this point the story moves to the ridiculous.  The couple takes sniping at one another to a whole new level. They devote all their time plotting hateful things to do to one another.  At first, his twin sister takes her brother's side, but she comes to see that her brother is just as mean as his wife.Finally the wife takes off, hoping to set up her husband for a possible murder charge since the whole town knew about their fights.  The husband alerts the media and repeatedly begs for her return.  Wary, but running out money, the wife returns.  When she does, what happens is as unpredictable as they are.
An amazing look at what we are capable of in relationships... grabbed my attention from the very beginning and held on tight.  An incredible read!
Not sure 're this one.  Although I could not put it down toward end.  Story did not end the way I expected but characters are good, especially Amy.
YUK.  This book was recommended by a stranger who will NEVER be a friend or be a member of Oprah's book club, because she wouldn't know a bad book if it hit her in the face.  Boring, boring, boring.
An interesting story that kept me constantly changing my mind about who the 'victim' was in this story of manipulation, treachery and revenge!  Not a book that can be put down easily!
Not worth the hype.  Unrealistic.  Very disappoinating read.The beginning kept me going, but the ending was a downer.Save your money.
Loved this book.  Can't wait to see the movie.  Twists everywhere!  Just when you think you know what's going on, it changes on you!
It was an interesting story but did not grip my heart.The character development was very good.The flow of the story was smooth.
This is not a murder mystery (which I don't read!) -- it's a very twisted story of a very twisted couple and what they will do to each other. Great depth of character development -- you'll find yourself rooting for each of them at times, and then hating the very thoughts in their heads. Totally unpredictable plot twists -- such a treat in today's world of rather templated writing. Read this book!
GONE GIRL.....MY THOUGHTS.... Well I was 30% through the book and almost put it away. I was so bored and had a really hard time getting through it. It was just after 30% when it started to get good (One of my clients told me her rule of thumb "if you can't get into it within 100 pages, then don't read it." Well my Kindle doesn't have a 100 page mark. I'm going to have to set up a percentage rule that applies the same.) I'm 90% through the book and I will say since I've been reading this thing, I've been in a bad mood, cranky & irritable. I mean the twists and turns are really good but it's DRAMA that's all too common in real life these days, however, without the morbid sickness that the book portrays. Not sure I'm going to read the rest of the books.
This book was one wild and crazy roller-coaster ride.  I loved every minute of it.  It's easily one of the best novels I've read all year.  I loved the intricate plot.  The author clearly thought out every detail before she sat down to write.  I loved the amazing plot twists that I never saw coming.  I loved that the story was told in the first person, alternating between the husband and wife, leaving the reader to wonder if either was a reliable narrator.  I loved the fact that every time I put it down I started to wonder what that clue meant or how this person was involved or what could possibly happen next.  I never guessed the ending.  I know a lot of readers didn't like the way it ended, but I thought it was perfect for the characters.  This book was just plain fun to read and a real page turner.  I highly recommend it.
I love a great suspense book and this fit the bill perfectly.  I see why it is on the best seller list.  Reminds me of an Alfred Hitchcock thriller including the ending.  I recommend it for anyone who wants a good fast read.
Absolutely intriguing book!  Twists and turns galore - couldn't put this one down.  Highly recommend and would like to read other books by this author!
This is a super-fast page turner that you'll want to plow through in one sitting. I think I read it in 2 or 3 days, which is saying a lot because I'm a full time working mom of a 2 year old. Gillian Flynn doesn't mince words, and the story moves at a great pace. You can read the plot reviews elsewhere. I'll just tell you how the book made me feel and to whom I would recommend it.The book is written in the first person, which is a great plot device and also the biggest potential downside. You may not like either of the main characters, and in fact you will likely grow to strongly dislike them. You'll find your feelings about them changing throughout the book, but the eventual punch is probably watered down a bit by the lack of positive connection between reader and protagonist.I think the brilliance of the book is that Gillian Flynn wrote a thriller (in the vein of American Psycho) that has hints of cultural satire embedded throughout. If read purely for the pleasure of a thrill, combined with an appreciation for what this book is trying to say about our sensationalist culture, self-centered obsession with individualism, and culture of misogyny, you'll really enjoy the romp. If you want something equally modern with more of a straight crime-thriller bent, try Tara French.
The book is about educated authors, can't they come up with better language than the &#34;F&#34; word to express themselves?  I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone I care about.
Intriguing characters, engrossing plot, clever craftsmanship.  Couldn't put it down, and was blown away by the ending.  You'll never guess.
Could not put this book down and found myself wanting to know the conclusion of all that transpired between Amy and Nick, with alternating chapters about each of them.  Eyes burning from reading so much...then came the end!  I kept turning pages to see if this was some kind of a joke and more would be written...no such luck!  Wanted to recommend this book but cannot due to the ending.  What on earth was this author thinking except that both of these characters are just plain SICK!
Although everyone I talked to hated the ending, I thought was absolutely true to the characters.  One of the best psychological suspense reads that keeps you guessing until the end.
The story dragged on and on, and that is the only "nice" thing I can say about it. The sheer evil of the two psychotic main characters was way too much for me. The author uses lots of profanity and sexually crude vocabulary and this seemed a bit over the top. Hated the ending; left me thinking there would a sequel to Gone Girl, which I definitely won't be reading. Couldn't wait to be finished with this story and go hug little puppies and sing Baby Beluga to get the horrible taste out of my mouth.
This book kept me guessing for the first chapters that I read.  By the time I reached the end...all I could say is &#34;twisted!&#34;
From the reviews, I was probably expecting too much and ended up being disappointed.  But I do really love Amy's diary entries.  Gillian Flynn understands psychology and people very well.  The diary entry about men and "the Cool Girl" was something I think a lot of us know but have never heard anyone actually say out loud.  Bravo for that! "That night at the Brooklyn party, I was playing the girl who was in style, a girl a man like Nick wants: The Cool Girl.  Men always say that as the defining compliment, don't they?  She's a cool girl.  Being the Cool Girl means I am a hot, brilliant, funny woman who adores football, poker, dirty jokes, and burping, who plays video games, drinks cheap beer, loves threesomes and anal sex, and jams hot dogs and hamburgers into her mouth like she's hosting the world's biggest culinary gang bang while somehow maintaining a size 2, because Cool Girls are above all hot.  Hot and understanding...  Men actually think this girl exists.  Maybe they're fooled because so many women are willing to pretend to be this girl.  For a long time, Cool Girl offended me.  I used to see men -- friends, coworkers, strangers -- giddy over these awful pretender women, and I'd want to sit these men down and calmly say: You are not dating a woman, you are dating a woman who has watched too many movies written by socially awkward men who'd like to believe that this kind of woman exists and might kiss them.  I'd want to grab the poor guy by his lapels or messenger bag and say: The bitch doesn't really love chili dogs that much -- no one loves chili dogs that much."  There are parts of this book I will probably copy and reread, but much of it is overrated.
I found this book fascinating! Every time I thought I knew what was going to happen. I could not have been more wrong.  I read many complaints about the ending from reviewers who loved the book but hated the way it ended.After reading it, I can't see it ending any other way.  I couldn't put it down from the minute I started it. Read and judge for yourself
Gone Girl was one of the best books I've ever read.  Funny, nasty, poignant, and unpredictable, I couldn't put it down!  Though I can't say I "liked" the characters, I found them, their marriage and their story fascinating.  Enough twists to keep me guessing, enough pathos to keep me turning the pages.
Well written, intriguing novel about a wife going missing and the husband is the prime suspect. This book is anything but the typical story of a missing wife....but I don't want to say anything that will spoil the book. It is a must read!
I kept thinking that through the 1st half of the book. Then it switched gears. Smoothely. Effectively. Not to diminish Tim O'Brian"s terrific novel. But Flynn bent the thought and carried it into a fun realm unexpected. Those who didn't enjoy this work disliked the ending, but I was intrigued by what appalled them. I do not know if this is great literature, but I certainly found it a great read. Really interesting characters. Really interesting plot. I don't know if I'd wish a luncheon with the characters, but lunch with the author? Yikes!
Gillian Flynn's "Gone Girl" is the tale of a marriage that starts out nearly perfect, but disintegrates into a nightmarish and manipulative mess when Amy Dunne goes missing on the morning of her fifth wedding anniversary.  In most cases such as this, the police first suspect the husband of foul play and Nick Dunne, Amy's husband, makes some mistakes that only seem to confirm their suspicions.That is just Part One of this thriller that kept me reading and also made me just a little crazy making up my own mind about who did what, only to change it again after another five pages or so.  This novel is a page-turner, an edge-of-your-seat look at two people who thought they knew each other when they got married, and a book that has enough twists that the reader never knows what's around the next bend.The story is told by Nick and Amy, with Nick speaking in the first person and we learn about Amy through her diary.  The couple started out happily married until each realized they didn't really know who the other one really was. Lies and deceit made them into the people they each thought they knew.The plot and the characters in "Gone Girl" are very complicated and convoluted, which makes the reader's chance of figuring it all not easy. Just the psychology of it is enough to give one the creeps.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book and I'm looking forward to reading more by the author. This is one of the best thrillers I've read this year and the first of Gillian Flynn's books I've read.  Her first book is downloaded already on my Kindle and ready to read.
This is a fantastic book! The mystery of what happened on their anniversary kept me reading this book until I couldn't keep my eyes open any longer. My favorite thing about his book (as well as her other book Dark Places) is that you read from each person's point of view, which gives you a much better perspective into their lives.
I loved the way this book switches from the perspective of the wife and then the husband. It will keep you in suspense all the way to the end.
This novel had a twisted plot. It was a captivating story...for a while. But there were no redeeming characters, no redeeming resolution. At the end, I feel like I've wasted hours reading. It will make a much better movie than novel, mostly because it will be over quicker.
After a difficult start (I found it hard to get into this book at first) I was soon swept away and could not stop. Gone Girl is such a clever mix of love, deceit and cunning that you can't help but keep reading. I couldn't put this book down in he end. Can't wait for the movie...Ben Affleck as Nick is simply Perfect!
I love Gillian Flynn!  This is the 3rd book I've read of hers and definitely the best.  It is awesome.  I cannot write much because of giving anything away--all I can say is it has been on the best seller top ten list for 35 weeks straight!!!!!!READ IT!
What a bloody waste of my precious time reading this rubbish..Back to only reading British/Irish writers..Don't waste your time and dosh as I did!
This was a definite page-turner. I really enjoyed this book. It kept me guessing until the end! Great characters and an amazing plot. Definitely worth the read :) I am really looking forward to seeing the movie they are doing for this book!!
The characters become predictable after one third of the book and lose their appeal. They seem stereotypic from the beginning and lack real depth
You have to admire Gillian Flynn&#8217;s skill. This complex, clever tale is expertly crafted with brilliant, unexpected twists. A real compulsive page turner!The first part sets the scene, gently coaxing us in.The second part is high octane. Daring, exciting and dangerous&#8230;&#8230;&#8230;&#8230;&#8230;.unravelling to deranged.The third part is evil and sinister.  A deathly mating dance as Amy encircles her prey.So reading Gone Girl is like courting a sociopath really. In the end you come away feeling disturbed; manipulated and tainted with the poison that is Amy. Why did we allow ourselves to be subject to this unconscionable malice and evil?Read it superficially as a fantastic thriller. Think any more and it becomes, as Gillian Flynn herself said, &#8220;dark and nasty&#8221;.
Part I: Well-written, flows interestingly, seems original despite *obviously* having been inspired by the Scott and Laci Peterson story.Part II: Preposterous and unacceptable.The events described, and explanation for them, are the rough literary equivalent of walking down the street until being tripped by Brad Pitt, only to stumble face-first into Jennifer Aniston such that my mouth lands directly on hers, but then later finding she picked my pocket... because you see, she has lost all her money.Simply defies reality both as I have known it and as it is described in the book in Part I.Part III: Supreme BS on a level of BS that, quite stunningly, makes Part II seem *plausible.*I cannot recommend this book to anyone except the foolish, the gullible, or possibly those who will find the prose in the first third charming; it is, ironically for reasons the book's readers will know, the book's strength.
Really unique loved it. The story was full of plot twists and turns keeping you guessing right until the very last page.
As other readers have mentioned in their reviews, I also skipped paragraphs (and sometimes pages) to move this story along. The writing was clumsy and often redundant. 'We GET IT already!', I kept saying to myself. I have no problem reading the portrait of a dysfunctional marriage. I love both The Taming of the Shrew and Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf. Unfortunately, Ms Flynn is no Shakespeare or Albee. You need to be a writer of unparalleled skill to pull off that kind of intense dialogue. She misses the mark, and the first person narrative often overpowers the story itself. The author succumbed to the temptation to share with readers everything the character is thinking, inspiring the reader to skip much of it. Gone Girl is a perfect example of the tricks a weak writer will often employ in developing and executing a story. I'm sure it will be used as such in Creative Writing 101 classes everywhere.
This book has such promise, such suspense. You won't be able to put down the first 2/3's of it. Then the author seems to have lost her way, as if unable to figure out how to resolve the mysteries and conflicts she's set up. She throws in a new crazy person to imprison our villain in a glamorous McMansion, and I won't tell you how terribly she disappoints readers' expectations in her conclusion. I wish Ms. Flynn would give this book a second try, rewriting the final third.
I am not sure you want me to rate this book.  There were way too many f and b words that were unnecessary.  I really disike devious people and that was what Amy was.  I wanted to just stop reading it, but I wanted to give the author a chance to redeem himself.  So I finished it but am none the better for doing it.
I am not a fan of mysteries, but I picked up this book after seeing it on many "best books of 2012" lists. Yes, the story is far fetched. I just didn't  care. This book is a rollicking good time. The writing is superb. The story keeps you guessing. I couldn't put it down. The only reason I give this 4 rather than 5 stars is that it really can't be categorized as serious fiction. Sometimes, that's not so bad. Read this book.
This is truly a page turner. I did not figure out what was going on from one diary enter to the next. Sometimes I was on Nick's side, then when I read Amy's diary entry I was on her side. I did not want the book to end. Very good book.
I have to say that I'm becoming a Gillian Flynn fan.What a great way of writing she has, she really master thriller.
This book has several turns in the plot. One can hate some of the characters, and yet you continue to read to the end.
This book was fabulous. Easy to read, compelling story that just got you so sucked in..I was turning the pages in eager anticipation....Cannot recommend this book enough...brilliant  !!!
Another Giiian Flynn masterpiece!  Who needs psychiatry when she can explain your own secret feelings. Now throw in a good twist and turn plot and enjoy what awaits!
This book is hard to put down. Many twists and turns. My husband and I both read it and we both enjoyed it.I'm not a fan of scary mystery books. This was a mystery without the scary factor--so no nightmares. I reccomend this book.
This  was a very different story and I could not put it down.  Definitely lots of unexpected twists and turns.
This book was so disappointing on so many different levels. I kept reading on and on TO THE VERY END hoping it would get better, and it just didn't.Not going to get into plot or style. I will say that the characters have absolutely no redeemable qualities so you wind up being disappointed in everyone. I just felt grumpy through the whole thing.Don't fall for the hype. They are going to consider making this story a movie? That is sad. Just sad.
I generally don't buy hyped books because they rarely live up to the billing.  This was the exception.  Well-written, good pace, hard to put down.  Where it went from 5 to 4 stars for me, though, was when it lost believability.  She did an excellent job of making believable characters which made the story good, but a little more than 60% in the belivability was lost and it was disappointing.  But still glad to have read it.
I loved this book.  Very different style of writing.  Fast paced - you stay up much too late with this book.
Very good book. Kept me on the edge of my seat at all times wasn't sure where it was going next. A little disappointed that they never found out everything that she was actually involved in but that is part of life. Sometimes the cops don't find out what happened.
Book was hard to put down! Really enjoyed the different view of how it played out. Will read this author again.
This was my recommendation for our bookclub when it first came out. We all loved it - you can never predict how it will end and a book where no one really liked any of the characters!
Seriously - read this book. Gillian is such a good writer it's not funny.I don't know anyone who read it and didn't like it!That's all
Liked the first part of d book ... Second part onwards it get murky n repetitive ... The end is weird ...
I listened to the audiobook, and the narrators were beyond fantastic! Julian Whelan BECAME Amy and Kirby Heyborne IS Nick. I can give no higher praise.This book is so much better if you go into it without knowing anything other than one basic fact - Nick's wife Amy is missing. That's all you need to know so try not to read plot summary and reviews (yes, I see the irony). The story is told from alternating point-of-views of Nick and Amy. It goes on about their lives and what happened leading up to the disappearance & what happens after. But, as with all marriages, things aren't always what they seem. And Gilian Flynn - she's a master/ a mistress of teasing out a story ... giving us a slow buildup ... and then BAM - hang on suckers because we're about to get own & dirty into the real meat of the story. It levels off for about a second, and then BAM ... again, and again, and again. And guess what - the characters are so damn UNLIKABLE! That's right, I hated myself for liking one over the other but, I couldn't stop listening to the audiobook. It was intense, and insane
I was not a huge fan of this book.  I think the author tried to hard to keep the reader guessing, but I didn't find anything that happened all that surprising.  My response was always, &#34;of course that just happened, because this book is crazy!.&#34;  I normally speed through books of this length in 3-4 days, and this book took me 2 weeks to complete.  I think what ruined this book for me, is that I ended up hating both of the main characters.  I wasn't rooting for either of them while I was reading, so I think that killed it for me.  Don't get me wrong, it's not a terrible read, just not my favorite.
Wowww let me just say this, I REALLY HOPE NOBODY HAS THIS TWISTED OF A MARRIAGE!! Unbelievable characters and surprises around every corner!
Liked the style and constant twists. It was definitely worth the read and a great recommendation. Really keeps you on your toes.
I am not sure why I did not particularly enjoy this book.  The writing is good.  Perhaps because I am not a fan of murder mysteries, if you will. One aspect I did not care for was the vulgar language.  And yet, grotesque verbiage was necessary, I think, for the reader to develop a personal relationship with Amy.  Every reader will, without a doubt, develop a strong opinion of the characters,particularly Amy.  The female reader will appreciate portions of Amy's perspective.  For example, Amy, being as highly intelligent as she is, truly exposes all the modern fallacies of feminine allure.  How being the Cool Girl is altogether a lie.  Amy is the definition of a pure sociopath, and her keen intellect certainly contributes to Amy's demented psyche.  And yet, one cannot help but appreciate her perspective nonetheless.  If only Amy had a sense of morality, she might almost be likable, or at the very least, pitied.Many readers simply loathed the ending, but I actually liked it.  Amy was always one step ahead, and by the end it became apparent she would probably always stay one step ahead.  (Not plausible in my humble opinion, but this is fiction, after all).  Thus, I liked her husband's last remark.  No matter how far she manipulated those around her, Amy would always be herself, and truly pathetic soul.
This book was okay, nothing great, wouldn't encourage me to read any more of the authors books. The ending was useless also.
I was so so disappointed with this book I had read such great reviews about it but I just found it not much good at all!! It was very slow from the start, at times the author seemed to totally drift away from the main theme and it was just so easy to figure out from basically the first few chapters what the ending was going to be and I hate that in a book.
I started this book once before and put it down before I finished the first chapter because I thought it was too &#34;wordy&#34;. I was mistaken. Once I actually got to chapter 2 I started to wonder what the characters ( the two main) were going to do next. There are so many twists that I could not figure out how it was going to end up until the past couple of pages.This is a great read! You do not know why she is missing and it will drive you crazy so you keep reading as you neglect housework and sleep! ;)
This excellent who done it had me guessing to the end. I loved how all the little ends all tied together. Very cleverly written.
It kept me at the edge of my seat! I hope there will be a second book! I highly recommend it!
Looooooooved this book. Best book of read in a year. This is some psycho stuff right here but it reminds me so much of real life. All pretend. Yup. Lol but she won in the end. Wow. Great story. I will recommend this book to everyone, no matter what kind of books they like to read.
Gone Girl was an amazing read.I wasn't sure at first, but about a quarter of the way through the beginning of the book, I realized I couldn't really trust the narrator of the story. Either of them, really. It ramped up the suspense like crazy and I couldn't wait to finish the book just to see how it ended.Amazing read!
I bought this book on my Kindle early last year at the recommendation of a friend.  I had a hard time getting into it at first so I stopped reading it.  Later, I purchased the audiobook but did not start listening to it until last week.  I was hooked.  When I couldn't listen to the audiobook, I'd read the book on my Kindle.  I ooohed and ahhhhed and made all kinds of shocked sounds at each new reveal.  I blamed everyone for Amy's disappearance and &#34;death&#34;. I started off loving Nick and hating Amy then hating Nick and loving/feeling sorry for Amy the hating both Nick and Amy.  Then, as I got closer to the end, I started to get nervous.  Was this going to be one of those stories with no real resolution?  Was I going to realize that I wasted hours of listening/reading time on a book that was going to have one of those vague endings? YES IT WAS AND IT DID!!!!!  I've watched enough CSI, Criminal Minds type shows to know how easily Amy's stories could have been proven as false.  There are enough reality shows on cable about crime investigation that show how to find out the truth even when it seems like the criminal will get away with everything!!!!It's been a long time since a &#34;mystery&#34; novel has made me this angry.  The last time I felt like this was when I read &#34;In the Woods&#34; by Tana French and that one took me awhile to get over.  With &#34;Gone Girl&#34;, it felt like the author just ran out of steam, like she put all of her great ideas out there in the beginning and middle of the book and then she just said, &#34;well, let's just end it like this and be done.&#34;  I don't plan to read any other books by this author.  I actually downloaded &#34;Sharp Objects&#34; to my Kindle prior to downloading &#34;Gone Girl&#34; but I don't plan to read it.  I can't take the disappointment.
This one is a real page turner.  Chapters are short so it kept me going super fast.  I would recommend
Still reading this book-60% completed and just can't put it down. I'm sure the ending will be a shocker-can't wait to see how this turns out./
This book was amazing. It was insane and unpredictable and un-put-downable. I opened it to read a few chapters before bed and stayed up until my eyes were too tired to focus, then picked it right back up the next day. I will definitely be picking up her other books, this is far from the dull mysteries I've read before.
I will start by saying that Gone Girl is the BEST book I have read to-date this year. It is a must read whodunit thriller that tells the story of a husband and wife starting on the day of their fifth wedding anniversary. That is the day that the wife, Amy, goes missing. Each chapter unfolds new information on her disappearance and puts the husband, Nick, under a great deal of scrutiny that he may have murdered his wife. This book is full of plot twists and psychological warfare. It's extremely difficult to put down and you will want to continue reading without interruption to find our how everything turns out.
Hard to stay focused on the plot. Way too many &#34;F&#34; bombs throughout the book for my taste. Just not my cup of tea.
I liked the book for the most part, but felt it was almost too...flat, and repetitive. I much prefer "Sharp Objects".
This is an excellent book!  It is very well written and kept me guessing all the way through.  I could not put it down, even at the end.  I kept turning the page after it was over looking for more.  Was that really the ending?  Did he just give in?  She won? Or did she?  She made her bed and now she has to lie in it!  Maybe that was a good ending?
IT was hard to get into this book at first, but after the first 5 chapters, it was enthralling. a good buy
...but it really wasn't.  This book had potential, there were many twists and turns that keep the readers interest.  However, the author must have been in a hurry at the end because the story had a weak ending.  Not great.
I paid almost $13 for the Kindle version, which I rarely do.  However, there was a lot of hype surrounding this book, and I had a friend to recommend it to me.  I wasn't disappointed.  The characters were well developed, and the plot kept me guessing to the very end.  The ending was a jaw dropper, as in "I can't believe that just happened!"  This was one of those books I read very quickly because I just had to keep reading to see what would happen next.  Buy it!
This book kept me on edge all the way thru. I enjoyed the twists and turns plotted out. The only problem was THE ENDING! It was unrealistic and unsatisfying.
This one will keep you turning the pages.  The conclusion is not comfortable, but I don't think it's intended to be. Read it if you like good page-turning, suspenseful entertainment.
If you are questioning the publicity on this book, then read it.  I think you will like it.  I like the main character but like a good main character he has flaws.  Most of all the book keeps your attention.
This novel is really two books.  The reader has to plow through 200 or so pages of alternating chapters in which "he said/she said" verbiage sort of sets the stage for the second half of the novel, which is the real mystery portion, such as it is.The background first half introduces Nick Dunne, a magazine writer, and Amy Elliott, also a writer of advice columns.  Amy is portrayed as the subject of her parents' (also writers) series of books based on their daughter, "Amazing Amy," and spoiled and rich (via the trust fund from the royalties of the books).  They meet at a party and then lose each other for moths, when a chance meeting reignites the spark felt at the first encounter.  They marry and lead a "charmed" life until they both lose their jobs.  In an effort to survive, Nick suggests they move back to his hometown, Carthage, MO, and then that's when it all falls apart.  On their fifth anniversary Amy disappears and Nick is suspected of murdering her.Like scheming Amy, the plot also is manipulative.  And the novel is very much overwritten and difficult to read.  The first couple of hundred pages probably could have been condensed to two chapters to set the stage for the real mystery [redundancy admitted], such as it is.
I love a good mystery but the writing style of this book is hard to follow at times and can be confusing at best. The plot of the book is great and the story is twist and turns throughout the book. I would recommend it to everybody.
It starts off slow, but once it picks up, it is good all the way until the end! Without giving away too much, &#34;Girl&#34; is 'crazy' Gone!
This book has so many twists & turns.  The character developments were wonderful & I couldn't put it down.  Lots of fun.  I hope she continues writing these entertaining books!
Psycho Amy is able to fool the FBI and every other law enforcement agency into believing she was held captive for almost a year at a lake house by a man captivated with her since their teen years. Common sense would dictate that evidence was present to prove she was there for only a short period of time no matter how cleverly she planted false clues.  Credit card application, orders, deliveries, and payments can be traced in the real world back to the originator. Duh.
I recently read this book in a quick three days.  I found the book interesting if not a little captivating look in the dynamics of a marriage which is anything but typical.  The author has created a well-written book which immediately captures the reader.  As a result you find yourself loving and hating separate characters throughout the book until the horrifying truth becomes apparent.  A great summer read.
Were it not for all the hype I would never have finished this.  The first half of this too long book moves at a snail's pace and isn't all that interesting.  As for the much ballyhooed "twists and turns," I was expecting more.  Lame ending, but all things considered these two truly deserved each other.
Gone Girl is Gillian Flynn's biggest hit, in development as a movie, and so should be the best.  I couldn't wait to read it.  But...Her previous book, Dark Places, is a five star book by Gillian Flynn. A reader may not be 100% thrilled with the resolution, but the reader is kept turning pages nonetheless.  In Dark Places, we don't really know what happened until the very end. I read Sharp Objects twice, and it also keeps the reader turning pages.  Twists keeps coming until the final pages.Gone Girl is riveting in the first section. One knows something isn't kosher, but doesn't know what.  Unfortunately, Flynn has decided to resolve the mystery halfway into the book and that makes the last half much less interesting.  There are some little things here and there, but the book devolves into a procedural for the second half.I do think Ben Affleck is perfectly cast as the male lead, and Fincher as the director. But many have criticized Flynn for writing unlikable characters, and this book really has no one likable in a major role. Affleck is playing a character who is described as having a face you want to punch, and his puppy-dog arrogance is just perfect.  Maybe cast his wife, Jennifer Garner, as the pretty perfectionist cold-fish wife.  She'd be perfect as well.I hope her next book is a real mystery. I kept hoping something would happen during the last 200 pages, some crazy twist or surprise... but nothing ever did.  The very, very end might be considered a twist by some, but it was just what I expected.... Flynn has never written such an obvious book before and I hope she doesn't do so again.
This book was great! I had no idea what was going to happen next. Such a page turner! I wasn't expecting it to end as it did. If you're looking for a happy ending, this is not the book for you!
The characters are complex, to say the least, but everyone in this book is a narcissist.  Hard to like any of this characters but that was the point.
Good mystery til the end.  Did not care for the ending...I would have changed it.  Is there a movie yet? If not maybe they will change the end like they did with &#34;My Sister's Keeper&#34;.  One could only hope.
This book keeps you hooked.  Its a great read up until the end---I wasnt real happy with the ending--But overall the book was well done.
a little slow to start but well worth it. Didn't see a lot of things coming thought for sure it was going to go another way on more than one occasion.
This is a well-written novel... also strange and disturbing. This is the kind of book that is hard to put down. HIghly recommended!
I hate the ending. I can't believe it ended this way. Not what I expected at all, but overall a good read
I'm not sure why I didn't like this book.  I certainly read all of it but I think it left me feeling like it was a creepy book and why did I just waste all my time reading it.
This is a very slow moving book.  I couldn't stay awake.  A friend stated it really became interesting about half way thru.  I'm over half way and still am not very thrilled about it.  We are reading it for my book club, if it wasn't for the meeting I wouldn't waste my time to finish it.
I like the story this book tells, but NOT the way it's told. The book was very hard for me to read, even though I was curious to see how it all turned out. In all honesty, I'll have to wait for the movie to find out, since I just couldn't slog my way through the whole thing.
Love that the story is told by alternating first-person accounts. The writing is intelligent, current and draws you in...I had to keep reading to find out the next twist.  And I very much enjoyed the characters' "pathologies."  In the end, while hating that someone would stay in such a relationship I also found myself understanding the why of it.  And that was, maybe, the biggest twist of all. I'm going to put Ms. Flynn on my must-read list.
Great suspense throughout entire book, only to end without a real ending that was entirely unbelievable after such extreme events.  Disappointing.  Will have to give less than favorable rating for this reason alone.
So many twists. I didn't see things coming. I definitely recommend it! I found myself really liking the characters too. I always wanted to know what was going to happen next!
A very please with my purchase!!!!!
Two people discovering each other as they truly are then changing it all to accommodate what others wish to see.I enjoyed this book and its twists and turns. And can see how this could truly happen as sick as that sounds. LolI would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good thriller.
"Gone Girl" was a crazy, bizarre, suspenceful ride of surprises.  I absolutely could not put it down! Our society today, automatically looks to the husband when the wife has gone missing, it is a very natural response for most of us these days.  However, the twists and turns of this book were anything but natural or ordinary.  Great read!
*** Spoilers ***I rarely write reviews on books, but this one sort of made me want to for several reasons. I'm in the group of people who liked about three fourths of this book and then thought it went horribly wrong. I say this not because I had to have a "happy" ending or because I needed Amy to be punished and Nick to be vendicated. People get away with things, that's for sure. Sometimes all the characters are crazy people. Good doesn't always win out and I can accept that.Here is what I can't accept. Amy is so brilliant that she has planned all of this out in such a meticulous manner that she has everyone fooled (except of course Nick, Go and Nick's lawyer). She spent a year getting ready. She has every detail down to a science, fakes names on Credit Cards, elaborately buys and stores TV's, golf clubs, all sorts of stuff without ever once being noticed. Yet, barely a week or two into hiding, two rubes steal all her money. Well, we can always say, "Amy never knew how to deal with money! She never hung out with riff-raff!" Yeah, she never hung out with detectives either, but she knows everything about them. She goes into some sketchy, run-down hovel and is so shocked that two down-and-out rednecks would betray her and steal from her! She kept her money in a bag around her chest? Are you kidding me? She pulled said bag out while paying for hot dogs and got spotted? Geeze Amy, you sure got slack and careless awfully quick. You, the person who took the time to put your husband's fingerprints on stolen goods got ripped off because you can't find a good place to hide ten thousand dollars! Uh, how about the trunk of your car? At least hide the majority somewhere you only go in the dead of night when you know you aren't being followed.Okay, I can get past that too, I guess. But just barely.Amy is crazy, that is for sure. But, she is also supposed to be so intelligent that she is almost robotic. Nick makes a couple of confessions, gives her that look and touches the cleft in his chin and wham! She has to go back! Eh, I guess we could forgive her for being "in love" with this guy (but, was she ever?). Now that he's said he's sorry, it's time for a new plan! Hmmm, problem is, she only has a day or two to figure it out. Because living in Desi's lake house was not part of the original, elaborate plan. Blaming everyhing on Desi was ALSO not part of the original plan. But hey, let's see how it works out!And so it goes. Amy figures out real quick how to fake rape, make it look like she's been tied up for weeks, etc. etc. etc. Gosh, I hope Amy got her fingerprints off all the places she left them in the lake house she was tied up in! Maybe we can forget about that too, although it's getting pretty ugly. And full of holes.Still, there is another thing that sticks bad with me. I mean really, really bad. For one thing, it never really says where the lake house is located. Or maybe I missed it? Yes, it is in Missouri somewhere, near enough for Desi to drive to. But, who says it is in the same jurisdiction this other crime took place in? Where is that connection? Everyone keeps expecting Boney to do something and charge Amy. Is this lake house supposed to be in the same area where Nick and Amy live? The same cops who investigated Amy's disappearance would be the ones called out to investigate Desi's murder/death? But again, here is the clincher. Nick was told by the detectives unequivocably, with no doubt - Desi was not a suspect in Amy's disappearnce! He is not a suspect, Nick. Nick, he is not a suspect. That means he had a rock solid alibi. They went and questioned him and said, "Oh, thank you for your time sir, and by the way, where were you that morning? Playing tennis with your Mom at the club? Thank you." Amy killed a guy not knowing whether he could even be implicated in her abduction? Little Ms. Planner of the Century? I'm supposed to believe that? I suppose she just asked him what he was doing the day of her disappearance and he said, "Oh, I was driving around your neighborhood. Where else would I be?" Nobody checked that out? How convenient! And that just doesn't work. That's why the ending blows.Great writing. Very cool idea. Blew the ending.
I saw this book recommended on some talk show. I can't remember which. Maybe The Daily Show? So, I decided to give it a read. I'm glad I did. Talk about dark and twisty and full of sneaky little tidbits. I really enjoyed it.
Gone Girl is very difficult to detail without ruining it so I'm just going to say upfront that while I'm going to keep this review as spoiler-free as I can, this is a book that should be read cold with minimal upfront exposure to it. It's a book with characters that you get to know very well, especially after the curtain gets yanked aside to reveal some serious insanity behind them. Flynn's writing is good enough to grab you in the first few pages and is plotted well enough that you'll easily get sucked into the nutty Jenga structured world of Nick and Amy Dunne, easy nominees for screwed up couple of the decade. It's a crazy story revolving around manipulation, greed, murderous tendencies, serious mental issues and other hot button topics that make this story perfect for after reading discussions. I have to commend Ms. Flynn on her writing of Nick, who feels like a genuine man with an authentic man's voice and inner thoughts, something that's not easy to do when writing outside of one's gender. To say anymore would be to risk spoiling the book's story but suffice to say that if you're looking for a truly dark book with some crazy characters and some edgy twists and turns, Gone Girl's got all that and then some. If I had any negatives to share, I'd say that the ending was somewhat abrupt and things end in a logical if somewhat troubling manner but then again, after experiencing the thoughts and actions of these characters for myself over the course of a couple of days, I can't say I'm surprised.I think the main reason I would recommend this book is because it makes for a great discussion afterward. You'll come away from it with your own views on the events and it really made me wonder as a man reading this, how a woman felt about it. The book has quite a bit to say about not just relationships and the expectations that come with them in general but about men and women and their mercurial nature. You may be surprised to find that you agree with a lot of what you read in Gone Girl.
I thought pretty much the entire book was very good....kept me wondering, kept me turning pages, fast paced, etc. But after 415 pg. and reaching the end?  I was very disappointed!  I'm still not even quite sure what it was all about, except perhaps two damaged people.And not sure if anybody else picked up on this and I hate to be picky, but I'm a huge animal lover....Amy's cat is mentioned at the beginning, got out of the house, is sitting on the front step, cat has been declawed and is an inside cat...I have 3 of those. And then? Nothing! The cat was not mentioned again until maybe 200 pg. later, like an afterthought. The whole time, I wondered did the cat run away, if not who was feeding the cat as the house was a crime scene, etc. Probably picky, but I fail to see why said cat was even mentioned at all if the reader wasn't given the info.
Well written novel.  Great premis for a book;almost scary in it's believablity!  I have found a new author to follow.
There were lots of twists and turns to this book. It was thought provoking and it didn't end as I anticipated, but I would for sure read this one.
It's all been said- over 15,000 reviews!- but I need to write this for myself. This author, this novel- clever!Gillian Flynn matches the exciting intricacy of the mystery and crime with the fascinating character details. I have been looking for a book that would make me want to snatch a minute every chance I get to read a book. I found it with Gone Girl."So I may have gone a bit mad. I do know that framing your husband for your murder is beyond the pale of what an average woman might. But its so very necessary."The only thing was, I was disappointed with the ending.
Enjoyable enough, got a little old by the end. Almost read more like it was written by a man!  Wait for the price to drop
Read based on suggestions and reviews by Amazon.  Am avid reader and could not put this book down.  Not many books are unpredictable anymore so I enjoyed the unexpected plot twists. Even without a person to definately root for couldn't wait to see what happened next. A must read.
For the first time ever, I'm left speechless after finishing a book. Brilliantly written but with characters who I truly, truly despise. Hicks has managed to find the dark side of humanity, of couples, of people supposedly in love, and twisted it into a story that grabs you and haunts you, even after you've closed the book for good. Though I admit to skimming parts (Flynn's style is a bit too wordy for my taste), I could NOT put GONE GIRL down. There is a reason Flynn is a NYT bestseller. This is one of those books that I'll remember forever and think -- I wish I'd written that -- which would be followed by a cold shudder. Haunting, indeed.
This was a great book that kept me on the edge of my seat!!  I would highly recommend it because it kept me guessing the whole time.  I especially loved the two main characters' voices, which changed from Nick to Amy to Nick and back to Amy throughout the whole book. The author wrote it so that you totally believed every word and thought.  Nick comes home one day and finds his wife, Amy gone - without a trace.  Nick becomes the main suspect and I won't tell you more because I don't want to ruin it.  Let's just say, you're never sure who is naughty or nice, lying or telling the truth, crazy or sane.  Great read!
Stay with it. It starts a bit slow but the more you read the better it gets. I was nowhere in guessing how it would end until I pretty much was very near the end. It is indeed a best seller
Really enjoyed the writer's style.  Made a simple who-done-it into a compelling novel.  Would recommend it to any &#34;happily&#34; married couple.
A dark but brilliant novel about people you might not want to know personally but have great fun watching. Lots of nice twists and turns. Memorable characters.
I ordered this as we were reading it for my book group.  It is a great book - lots of twists and turns - and we had a lively discussion.  The book came quickly and was a good value.
It's the middle of the night right now - I honestly couldn't put it down.What a story, and beautifully written! I feel even now as if I was the public that they were talking to, believing one story, then switched completely and believing the other. I enjoyed it immensely and am sorry it had to end!
I loved the book up to the end.. Then it was WTF, Don't end the story like this!?!?!? The has to be more, right?
I will stick with this book but I was disappointed with the start, after all of the hype the book received. I sure didn't care about the decor of the inside of the bar.
The description promised a thrilling page turner with shocking twists.  Instead I encountered a boring predictable made for tv B movie.  I was so disappointed especially with the ending.  Talk about anti-climatic....this was the worst.
I found this book very intriguing. It was a little slow in the beginning but then a quarter of the way in it captured me through to the end. It is a must read.
I got hooked on this read early on.  You really think you know what is going on to begin with but all is not how it appears.
I'm a guy who likes fast paced guy books. Someone gets killed you get to figure it out. This was nothing like that.  You were in the minds of two people, one being a woman, (that was a strange experience) as the book unfolds. However,this was a great read but you have get through the first 45 percent to be hooked, and you will get hooked. I found myself reading this every chance I got. In restaurants, travelling even picking this book up as opposed to watching an NFL game. No self repecting guy would do that unless the book was really a great read.Get it , stay with it, you'll be happy you did.
This is one excellent read. Gillian Flynn is a very clever author.  I loved how the story was wrote from the perspective of both the main characters and right up to the end I was guessing the outcome.  I would not hesitate to recommend this book.  Excellent.
I am an avid reader. I fully agree with the numerous 5 star reviews. This book was uniquely written and a fun read. Go get it before someone spoils it for you by making the movie.
Gone Girl is a terrific, well written mystery book about Nick Dunne and his wife Amy Dunne, who goes missing on their five year wedding anniversary.  Nick Dunne is the main suspect in her disappearance.What I liked about this book is how we go from what Nick is going thru, in present time, and his reflections on his difficult marriage to reading diary entries from Amy, and her reflections about their relationship and marriage at different points.  One chapter will be regarding Nick, then next chapter will go to Amy's diary entry, etc etc.This book has many twists and turns.  It goes into detail about Nick and Amy's relationship and their issues.  Along with the police investigation into Amy's disappearance and whether Nick was somehow involved.I am curious to see how the movie will follow the book.  Looks like will be a good movie.I definitely enjoyed this book and recommend to those who enjoy mystery books.
I gave this book 5 stars because once I started reading it I couldn't stop. The ending was quick and disappointing. It left me sad and unresolved .
I definitely enjoyed this book.  Similar to a Jodi Picoult book, chapters were narrated by one of two different characters.  I like that approach.  Also, the characters are easy to like and hate as they make their different choices.  I usually listed to books using text to speech on my drive to work or back but with this book, I tried to find extra time in my day to read.  That's a sign of a good book to me.
I reserved this from the library after seeing it on a WTF list. (I also added Chuck Palahniuk's RANT, which I got bored with and quit, and Herman Koch's THE DINNER, which I thoroughly enjoyed.)Most of my Goodreads friends gave five stars. I don't trust other people to enjoy what I enjoy, so I was sceptical. If this wasn't an OMG-amazing novel, I would judge my friends for it, not the author.And thus GONE GIRL is a victim of its own hype. It's been so buzzed to the extent that it was never going to live up to the expectation of greatness.Gillian Flynn has a witty way with words, and certainly doesn't hold back on creating grotesque characters. Her social commentary is clever: everything from "Cool Girl" to public perception. And how at the start of a relationship each party pretends to be what the other wants, and the charade disappears the longer they remain. But alongside the awful people doing awful things is Margo, who's a beacon of awesome in all her scenes. She's definitely more likeable than the leading couple, who prove that terrible people belong together.Some say Nick and Amy are just as bad as each other. You know those stalker "romances" in which the possessiveness and obsession creeps you out? The Dunnes are like that, but at least they're honest enough to admit that their bond is unhealthy, and Nick really does want to escape. Only he can't because of blackmail and whatever else his conniving wife could do to him next. His complicity annoys, but Amy's doubtlessly the more evil. The ending was bound to irk unless one or both of them died. 'Til death do us part, indeed.In short, had it not been super-hyped, I probably would've given four stars, but it loses a mark for disappointment. It's far from a bad book, and is sure to spark lively discussion. Don't know how the film will fare, if viewers go in already knowing the twist, though.
I was less than halfway and almost gave up but was encouraged to continue. The second half was definitely much better but here is my beef. The author is great at displaying quirks and interesting insights into people; almost too clever. There are too many times where the story spins it's web of cute little descriptions of people, places, modern customs, mores and those weird things that people do. But it does not always help the story, it just seems to be a vehicle for the author to show what great insight she has into other people. But I want 'story'.As for the story, it builds slowly but it was a bit obvious where it was going, toward a big &#34;twist&#34;. of course the second half was twisted again, multiple times. I cannot say I knew exactly how it would turn out, but it was tightly wound around a very few possibilities.Finally, and this is truly just a personal choice, I like to see some characters with some redeeming features. This story truly had no character that I would want to know personally. There was no one likable, not even remotely. I like a story where I can identify the hero and relate in some way.So I was a bit disappointed but it was certainly a clever story with great insights into the ways of our world, in some ways that are not very flattering.
A great story in the tradition of other fantasies about women who walked out the door, disappeared, and hoped to make a statement. Great twists and an uncomfortable ending that's sure to make this book stand out in my memory. I liked the truthfulness about love, marriage, and long-term relationships. I liked the way the characters fought for power and the honesty about how nobody ever wins. I think the place as character was weak. Missouri is much more depressing and sinister than Flynn portrays. The local characters were one dimensional and briefly observed. They were not nearly diabolical and ignorant enough to ring true.
For prospective readers:Two people enter a marriage with enough mismatched baggage to sink a ship. The result is an extreme - and extremely interesting - story of marriage as an evolving compromise between two people who need each other to counter their weaknesses but resent each other for exploiting those weaknesses. Passive-aggressive manipulation doesn't begin to describe how these two mess with each other. If you liked "Presumed Innocent," this is an updated, more sinister version. As a piece of writing, it's clever, modern and well-crafted. A first-person-dual-narrator device and chronological tilt-a-whirl keep it suspenseful.For those who've read it (spoiler alert)I was completely taken-in and feeling the full weight of husband-guilt until the abduction twist, which felt like an implausible, last-chapter plot-fixer. It required suspension of disbelief, which is fine, but that also means suspension of empathy, so from that point on the characters were less relate-able and I was more an observer than participant. This, and a couple of minor plausibility quibbles, kept me from giving it five stars.
I listened to almost all of the first CD and found it too boring to finish. It might get better but you sure will need a lot of patience. Not worth the money, for sure!
First off, I think Flynn is fantastic in this genre.  The first half of this book was terrific and it hooks you deep and hard so you cant put it down.  Unfortunately, the second half becomes tedious with an ending that culminates into a fizzle.  Oh what could have been.I completely understand the characters and they certainly deserve each other, but give the reader some satisfaction.  Use a rogue meteor or a bus that runs a stop light that takes out what end up being two of the most annoying characters of any book I have read in quite some time.  Flynn had so many directions she could have taken at the pinnacle of this book, but instead she took a path that beat a drum that made me completely annoyed with the two main characters.  I just hope I can go a few months without a reference to the "Amazing Amy."  I still consider myself a fan of Flynn's and I will give her a pass on this one in the hopes that she rebounds from it because she certainly knows how to peak a readers interest.
Although the plot was somewhat not believable during some points during the book, I really liked it. What I liked the most about the book was that right up until the end, I did not know who to believe. I really liked that about the book, but I do wish that the characters were a bit more believable.
I don't understand how this book was chosen as one of the best books of 2012. I thought it was awful, and I'm really sorry I wasted my time and money on it.I figured out the "big mystery" very early in the game and just kept reading to find out how the author would manage to unravel the mess (not very well). The worst thing about this book was the characters. There was no one in the book to like, never mind to identify with. Each one was more disgusting and unpleasant than the other.This book seems to have benefited from a great deal of hype, and to my regret I fell into it as well. I'm going to read the reviews more carefully next time before reading something that is so highly touted. Interesting that it got more "bad" reviews on Amazon than on Goodreads!!!
Read this on a friend's recommendation. Nice storytelling by Ms. Flynn. You will be attached to this book until you finish it. Highly recommended.
I would have preferred to give this joke a zero. With all of the praise I kept hoping that something would happen to redeem this utterly absurd tale.  Nothing but a huge waste of time. The writer did accomplish one thing, I feel totally insulted.
Does keep one guessing but a non-ending detracts from the book as a whole. Unique writing format of chapters. OK
Wow. This book just blew me away. I could almost feel Alfred Hitchcock and Patricia Highsmith peering over my shoulder as I read (metaphorically speaking, of course, because I listened to the audio version). I am disturbed by the number of 1 star ratings for this work of genius. Not all books have to have uplifting endings to be masterpieces, and books like these might not appeal to everyone. But the writing was excellent and the plot, well, masterful and inventive to say the least. Oh the book is dark, too be sure, but it is picture perfect in its suspense. I will admit that I really didn't care for either of the main characters but that is part of its genius. You don't really take sides in a book where you can't wholeheartedly root for either character.I did make sure I was only aware of the premise of the book before I started so I had no idea what was coming. That would be my advice to you if you want to read it. Come with no expectations and let the story envelope you. To the author's credit, only one clue gave me a premonition, a spark that caused me to speculate about the ending. It takes real talent to create suspense like this.NOTE: The audio version was fantastic!
Two reviews - both 3 starsMy ReviewDid I enjoy this book: Not really. But it kept me reading until the end.Here&#8217;s the thing. It is a different story with some different angles. But I didn&#8217;t like any of the characters. None of them. There was no one that I cared about. There were quite a few times I wanted to DNF this book. If it hadn&#8217;t been for book group and a willingly read spoiler, I probably would have DNF&#8217;d this book way before the halfway mark. (Probably before the quarter mark.) That&#8217;s how much I didn&#8217;t care.So, you may ask, what kept me reading? Well, I wanted to see how it ended. I wanted to see if there was a clever catch, an interesting twist, something redeeming for any of the characters.***SPOILER ALERT &#8212; STOP READING NOW IF YOU DON&#8217;T WANT TO KNOW DETAILS.***There was nothing redeeming. I thought Amy was a psychotic, bored, rich b*****. Nick was spineless, weak, and pissed off (with good reason). The cops were incompetent. Boney I liked because she knows the truth. Unfortunately, she can&#8217;t prove it. Go was an afterthought. I&#8217;m not sure what purpose she served. The parents were crazy. I was hoping it had been their plan to salvage the Amazing Amy books. The ending?!?!? What?!?!? I don&#8217;t even remotely understand that. It was a let down.***SPOILER OVER &#8211; YOU MAY RESUME READING.***Okay. The book is fairly well-written. A few too many words and descriptions for my taste. It could probably lose about 100 pages and be just as good, maybe even better because it wouldn&#8217;t be so long. The plot was different and well-thought out. Every angle was covered and explained. It was an intriguing story. Just too much for me. I wish I had cared about one of the characters. I wish one of the characters would have received their just desserts.Would I recommend it: Tough question &#8230; I may if someone asks me about it. But I wouldn&#8217;t actively recommend it to all the people I know.Will I read it again: I will not.Belinda's ReviewDid I enjoy this book: It was very complicated, but overall, I did.Flynn does a great job of keeping the suspense going all the way to the end. Whatever you think you know about where the story&#8217;s going, you&#8217;re probably wrong.Interestingly, there were times when the book felt weirdly comical. And I&#8217;m not sure that was the author&#8217;s intent. But like I said, the book was complicated. The first time was at the mall raid. A former magazine writer turned college professor along with his Psychologist/writer father-in-law barge into an abandoned mall turned crack house with a handful of townie thugs toting baseball bats to rat out any suspects. It seemed more Paul Blart: Mall Cop than Dirty Harry.And the author had the oddest habit of taking a word and adding &#8211;ily to the end to create an adverb. Someone sat down &#8220;pissily&#8221; or grunted &#8220;shitily.&#8221; But my favorite (I swear I&#8217;m not making this up) was when Officer Boney looked at Chance &#8220;winkily.&#8221; I got so hung up on this I had to do some investigating of my own. I started keeping a log. I looked them up in the dictionary. And my darkest fears became a reality. They aren&#8217;t words at all.Main character, Amy, befuddled me even more than the adverb mystery. Even early in the novel, we know something is seriously wrong with this girl.Apparently, she agrees with her husband that women who turn their husbands into &#8220;dancing-monkeys&#8221; are ridiculous and she&#8217;ll have no part of it. This includes behaviors most people would consider every day consideration. Like showing up for a dinner party with your wife when you say you will. Even stumbling in at 4 a.m. drunk and belligerent with a woman&#8217;s phone number and receipts from strip joints in his pocket on their anniversary is ok with her. She concedes that she&#8217;s &#8220;being a girl&#8221; by feeling upset over this.I halfway expected to discover her parents had written a book in their children&#8217;s series entitled, Amazing Amy: Gets Her Brain Sucked Out. Why else would she behave so stupidily? (sorry, couldn&#8217;t stop myself on that one.)But read on, there&#8217;s nothing stereotypical about this character. She&#8217;s goofy, creepy, psychotic, hard (maybe impossible) to understand. But like the story line, whatever you think you know about Amy early on in the book is probably wrong.Concluding thoughts: really complicated, unpredictable book with some bright spots and a few awkward chuckles.Would I recommend it: Unless you&#8217;re one of those weirdos who gets hung up on adverbs, you might enjoy this one.Will I read it again: No.
It took me a little while to get into this book. If you are feeling the same, stick with it! However, the ending was terrible. I was expecting an amazing climax, after the twisted psychological foundation Flynn laid out wonderfully. Overall: a very, very disappointing ending that was completely asynchronous with the rest of the book but still worth reading.
I watch crime shows and read thriller novels all the time. I almost always could tell what's going to happen next because everything nowadays seems predictable. Not this novel! There were plenty of WTF moments and I couldn't wait to go to the next chapter and the next and then the one after until I can finish it. As long as one does not have high expectations for the ending, it is quite an enjoyable book.
this was a great book. it did not have a "fake ending" with a letdown. both characters were flawed and neither likeable. this author has yet to let me down. if you like her other books, you will like this one. I am from the midwest, this area as well, so I enjoy her books.
Flynn writes a cautionary tale aimed at the lover seeking that one in a million partner, that woman, or man who knows one completely. Reading Gone Girl I've learned that one should never turn one's back on one's soulmate.
I hate the way this book ends.  It's just not believable!  As a matter of fact, the last 2 chapters killed this book for me.  I kept reading thinking the book would get better, but obviously it didn't.  Saying I was disappointed is an understatement.  I want the $12.99 back that I paid for the download along with the day it took me to read it!  I know that it will never happen, so save yourself the money and time.  This book is not worth it!
gone girl is light reading. some would say summer reading but it will work anytime of year. it is a who dunnit with a twist.  the twist is not what you expect. it is fun reading. a book you can but will not want to put down. is it what i thought a best seller should be? no. in fact i thought i could have written it just as well but did not. do i recommend it  sure why not if you do not expect too much.
This book is seriously creepy. At first it seems bland and almost uninteresting, but as the book continued I was sucked in. As this dark tale unfolded  itself in found out of my eyes, I could only watch in horrified admiration. Even though I read this book several months ago, I still get the shivers up my spine when I see it in a book store or hear it mentioned in passing. The characters are dispicable. Their plans are diabolical. No one can trust them. This book gave me a whole new outlook on everything. I can also see however, how sone people would not like this book. I f you are thinking of goinng into this because you love  good romance, this is not the book you are loooking for. This is a story of coldhearts and revenge, not forgiveness and love.
Unlike other readers who hated the ending, I liked the ending; But I hated the rest of the book. These are the most nauseating, despicable characters you could ever come in contact with. Which I guess means it was really capable writing because I was completely convinced. The problem was that I just couldn't tolerate the awfulness and I can't wait to get this book out of my head. My main advice, for sensitive readers who prefer a slightly more positive character or two in their books, is ... Don't read this book!
I enjoyed this book until the end. It was well written with many unexpected twists. It was interesting to be inside the head of both of the main characters. It was strange to be privy to the thoughts and feelings of one character and then the next chapter you see how the actions and words were interpreted by the other main character. I don't recall ever reading a book that did this. Flynn did a very good job with this.It felt as I got deeper into the book that I was also getting deeper into the minds of both characters. Flynn shared their true feelings and thoughts in layers. The more layers revealed, the more wicked they became. I flipped back and forth between empathy and revulsion for both of them.It is an exceptional read except .... Flynn didn't finish the book. It just .... ended. I kept flipping through the credits thinking that there was a mistake in page placement and I would find the rest of the book. But no, the writer just stopped writing.That is why I had to wait several weeks to come back and write my review. I didn't want to write when I was angry.Read the book but be prepared for non-ending.
Nick and Amy Dunne seem to have the perfect marriage. They are bright, very attractive, and talented writers. Amy is the daughter of well-known psychiatrists who have created a series of children's books called "Amazing Amy", based upon their own daughter. But on their fifth anniversary Amy disappears from their Missouri home she shares with Nick, leaving behind signs of a struggle.As the media turn up to report the story of the missing beautiful "amazing" blonde wife, Nick's problematic behavior comes under increasing scrutiny. He doesn't seem to be the grieving husband that everyone wants him to be. As public suspicions turn  towards Nick, a closer look reveals the unraveling seams of the seemingly "perfect" marriage.Both had lost their jobs in New York and had moved back to Nick's hometown in Missouri. Amy was unhappy with the move. Nick was having an affair with another woman. Was this motive enough to want to harm Amy? Has Nick murdered her? Or is there any other reason for her disappearance?This very popular novel is interesting in that alternate chapters are "written" by Nick and Amy. I found this a little confusing at first, since Nick's chapters are at first written in the present and Amy's chapters, are told in the past tense, by necessity, from sections of her diary.There are several major characters in the book: Nick, Amy, Nick's sister Go, Amy's parents, Nick's senile father, Nick's selfish mistress, and several other key characters. As the story goes along, however, it becomes increasingly clear that none of the main characters are very likable, except perhaps Nick's sister, Go, who is a not a fully fleshed out character. As a matter of fact, most of the characters are pretty loathsome, and one of them is a certifiable psychopath.Flynn does have an amazing imagination, and is able to tell a great story for the most part. However, the book is quite graphic, and anyone squeamish about strong language and sex scenes should not read this book.The ending, which I shall not give away here, has been controversial. Some readers have not found it satisfactory, partially because not everything is resolved in a tidy little way. It may be somewhat realistic, however, noting the strange, twisted relationships that these people have. I find myself ambivalent about the ambivalent ending!
It was on the best seller list for so long I thought it must be a good read, but alas, not so.  I finished it but wondered why
So, it was a pleasant read. I found it entertaining, and I read it through to the end, which was sort f shocking in its unexpectedness. But I'm not sure I get why everyone is gushing over this book. The huge &#34;twist&#34; that everyone seems to be flipping out over, I saw coming a mile away. While the ending was a surprise, I don't think I can put this book in any other category than that of a good beach read.
The book started out a little slow but quickly picked up speed.  By the time I was in the middle of the book I could not put it down and stayed up late to finish it.  I must say the ending was a big disappointment.  This is the first novel I have read from Gillian Flynn and will commit to reading one more of her books before I say I do or do not like her writing style.
From almost the first page I had a hard time putting this book down.  I stayed up late and woke up early just so I would have more time to read it.  The story moves fast and I wanted to know what happened to Amy and was her husband relieved or distressed that she was gone.  The story becomes slightly unbelievable about 3/4 of the way through and I did not care for the ending but I do recommend the book.
I thought Gone Girl was good, but not that good that it should be on the best seller list for so long
A little boring at first.  Then all of the sudden-bamn-it is good and you can't put it down.  I would reccomend it as a good read
Starts slow... Good middle... Horrible ending. Good book to read on the plane or on a beach or snow day.
I couldn't put this book down. I had to know how this was going to end, and was quite surprised in the end!! I enjoyed this crazy story!!
What makes Gone Girl so frightening is the deep dive the reader takes into the mind of a sociopath and the extent to which she planned and executed her particular brand of terrifying retribution.  It is also a study of what happens when two people who are profoundly wrong for one another marry.  In the dictionary under 'toxic relationships' you will find a picture of Amy and Nick.  Both are products of the worst elements of their upbringing and neither is particularly sympathetic and certainly not likable.  In some ways this should be a primer on the wisdom of being yourself and not trying to remake yourself in the reflection of another.This well crafted tale treats the reader to the effect that the media has on sensationalizing murder investigations, the tendency of the police to focus on the most obvious suspect almost to the exclusion of anyone else and how the public forms their opinions even while knowing very little of the truth of a situation.  All of this gave the novel a strong 'ripped from the headlines' feel and read with the cadence of a Dateline NBC murder mystery.Gone Girl is well written and gripping to the extent that I had to put it down and walk away from time to time.  Several others who have reviewed this book have complained that the ending leaves the reader hanging.  Given the nature of the story and the tone of the entire novel, I don't think it could have ended any other way.  A happy, all-loose-ends-tied up ending would just would not have felt genuine.Be warned, I found parts of this book profoundly disturbing, but know that it is one that I will not forget for a good long while.
This is a hard book to rate. I wavered between two and three stars. The book starts out interesting and until about two-thirds of the way through remains interesting--lots of back and forth, which leaves the reader wondering who is telling the truth and what has really happened. However, the build up to the ending takes an unbelievable turn and the story goes down hill from there. I read that the author struggled with the ending and unfortuantely, it comes through in the book.
Flynn's ability to craft diverse characters and let the reader explore their psyches is just incredible.  This is  psychological thrill writing at its best.
I took me awhile to get to this book. But true to form - there's a time for every book, and when the time for this one came, I only wished it had been sooner.Gillian Flynn is a damned genius. She's only written three books but they're all fabulous.I hate the next eight words but:I don't want to ruin it for you.Read it.
This book was a very interesting one. I read it in two days and I am not certain of my feelings for it. The first thing I want to say is that this book is extremely well written and is very fun to read. A great vacation novel. I love the switching of perspective that progresses through the story using two separate narratives and I think that the diary entries are brilliant once you finish them. I found the book to be much longer than it had to be, though. I had problems with the motel scenes as well as some of the 3rd act. I didn't love the ending, but I thought that it worked well with the story. Also, this book is written by someone is extremely intelligent. Mrs. Flynn delves deeper into characters that other authors would just pass off as stereotypes. She keeps the same exterior, but shows not just a little light into the characters emotions, but strips away all essence of privacy these characters have. It almost feels intrusive, as all of the observers in to book do not know nearly as much as you do. In fact, I would almost say that the reader knows too much about them. Both of the main characters have their own thought processes and emotions that seem so natural you almost think that Mrs. Flynn is both of these characters. You see all of their emotions and you see what both do not. It is written in a way that I have never seen before. As for the book, I thought the plot was interesting and took a new spin on the kidnapped wife book. I wish that this book was categorized as a drama, as it is most certainly not thrilling in the least bit. It is a very captivating drama, but there was no part where I was actually biting my knuckles. I just think it wasn't categorized properly. As for the ending, I didn't love it (I don't really like those "life goes on" kind of endings) but I thought it worked with the book and the characters and it seemed like what the characters would do. I think most people have a problem with it because "thrillers" tend to have either predictable or twist endings, but they usually give some kind of closure. But that just reenforces what I said about it NOT BEING A THRILLER.In the end, I would definitely recommend it to everybody who asked about it, but I wouldn't go out of my way to tell people that they HAVE to read it.I'm very excited for the movie, but I am worried about how they are going to work all that inner monologue into dialogue (it didn't end up working with another book that I know of *cough*hungergames*cough*), but David Fincher is one of my favorites and I have every faith in him.If you're already reading the reviews for this book, chances are that you are interested. Just buy it. Definitely worth reading.PostScript: This book contains graphic depictions of sexual activities including rape and elaborate descriptions of genitalia. I am 15, but I am quite a mature 15, and I wouldn't recommend to anybody under 16.Final Grade: B+
As I read this book, I had a recurring thought. Perhaps I am nave, but if there are lots of people in the real world  that are like the dysfunctional characters in this book, then the human race is in big trouble. The reader will encounter manipulative, cruel individuals who abuse and are abused with abandon. Brilliant sociopaths, lowlifes who take advantage of others, misfits, completely unhappy and miserable examples of mankind, occupy the pages of this book. I was hard pressed to find one likable, and possibly normal being, who was not intent on using another, not intent on drawing attention to themselves, not intent on seeking fortunes, power and control using any means to justify their ends.As the pages turned I could not believe the developments, and yet, they were just real enough to possibly actually take place. The author captured her characters personality traits perfectly in the dialogue. The narrative twisted and turned and kept the characters and the reader twisting and turning in the wind, as well. What would happen next? Could the situation grow worse? The answer was yes, it kept getting worse and worse until the ending which was a bit of a surprise, but also in the realm of the possible, in the realm of the credible. My tension increased as I continued to read and I was, at times, afraid to find out the conclusion of this mystery. The author makes the unbelievable absolutely believable. These characters were sick people who found each other and fed off each other. They were all some kind of parasite.Gone Girl, just kept surprising me. Nick and Amy, for all appearances, were both very self absorbed, very preoccupied young people, who wanted to appear to be the cool version of a perfect married couple, very much interested in maintaining their independence and not leaning heavily on each other with reproaches. They were "the beautiful people". However, they were hit hard by the economic downturn, losing their very well paid jobs in New York City. Experiencing these bumps in the road, they were forced to reassess their lives and relocate to Nick's former hometown, where they started  over. Together with his twin sister, and his wife's money, Nick purchased a bar which he operates happily with his sibling.Suddenly, one morning, on their fifth anniversary, Amy disappears in what looks like violent circumstances. After a lengthy investigation, with many shocking revelations, all fingers point to the husband, Nick, who is generally the first and major suspect in cases like these. The storyline will introduce the reader to all sorts of people who thrive on this kind of investigation, not only to help solve the crime, but also for the thrill of it and some for their fifteen minutes of fame, romance or even financial gain. (Nick's wife Amy is the inspiration for "Amazing Amy", a character in a children's book series created by her parents.)Occasionally, the book got a bit tedious, but just when I was ready to give up, the plot moved on and captured my interest again. The competing, dual narratives and timelines concerning the events Nick and Amy experienced, were engaging, but sometimes it took too long to switch from one of them, to the other. The plot used trompe l'oeill, sleight of hand, and misdirection to provide different clues and constantly pointed me in one and then another direction, as it did the police investigators. It worked so effectively, so perfectly that it kept me involved in the story, eager for more. Each time I  thought I had it all figured out, another theme developed, the plot twisted away, and I was baffled once again.It was really hard to like any of the characters. All of them were self serving, scheming in some way, working under the radar, suffering from one thing or another, often self inflicted wounds because of stupidity, greed, insecurity and perhaps, mental illness.I was able to identify with the closeness of the fraternal twins because I have a twin brother. Also, I was able to identify with the in-law issues, since most of us do experience them in one form or another, but with twins, I suspect it can be more intense because their unusual closeness can cause jealousy. Regardless of any common ground I found within the pages, I could not identify with the issues that troubled any of the characters in the story. They were simply not nice. They lied, stole, cheated, inflicted harm to others, played ugly games with people, disregarded the feelings of others, used them at will and, in general, seemed to be completely corrupt in some way. Yet, haven't we all known someone like that?All in all, Gone Girl, is a really good, exciting read!
As I read this book, I had a recurring thought. Perhaps I am nave, but if there are lots of people in the real world that are like the dysfunctional characters in this book, then the human race is in big trouble. The reader will encounter manipulative, cruel individuals who abuse and are abused with abandon. Brilliant sociopaths, lowlifes who take advantage of others, misfits, completely unhappy and miserable examples of mankind, occupy the pages of this book. I was hard pressed to find one likable, and possibly normal being, who was not intent on using another, not intent on drawing attention to themselves, not intent on seeking fortunes, power and control using any means to justify their ends.As the pages turned I could not believe the developments, and yet, they were just real enough to possibly actually take place. The author captured her characters personality traits perfectly in the dialogue. The narrative twisted and turned and kept the characters and the reader twisting and turning in the wind, as well. What would happen next? Could the situation grow worse? The answer was yes, it kept getting worse and worse until the ending which was a bit of a surprise, but also in the realm of the possible, in the realm of the credible. My tension increased as I continued to read and I was, at times, afraid to find out the conclusion of this mystery. The author makes the unbelievable absolutely believable. These characters were sick people who found each other and fed off each other. They were all some kind of parasite.Gone Girl, just kept surprising me. Nick and Amy, for all appearances, were both very self absorbed, very preoccupied young people, who wanted to appear to be the cool version of a perfect married couple, very much interested in maintaining their independence and not leaning heavily on each other with reproaches. They were "the beautiful people". However, they were hit hard by the economic downturn, losing their very well paid jobs in New York City. Experiencing these bumps in the road, they were forced to reassess their lives and relocate to Nick's former hometown, where they started over. Together with his twin sister, and his wife's money, Nick purchased a bar which he operates happily with his sibling.Suddenly, one morning, on their fifth anniversary, Amy disappears in what looks like violent circumstances. After a lengthy investigation, with many shocking revelations, all fingers point to the husband, Nick, who is generally the first and major suspect in cases like these. The storyline will introduce the reader to all sorts of people who thrive on this kind of investigation, not only to help solve the crime, but also for the thrill of it and some for their fifteen minutes of fame, romance or even financial gain. (Nick's wife Amy is the inspiration for "Amazing Amy", a character in a children's book series created by her parents.)Occasionally, the book got a bit tedious, but just when I was ready to give up, the plot moved on and captured my interest again. The competing, dual narratives and timelines concerning the events Nick and Amy experienced, were engaging, but sometimes it took too long to switch from one of them, to the other. The plot used trompe l'oeill, sleight of hand, and misdirection to provide different clues and constantly pointed me in one and then another direction, as it did the police investigators. It worked so effectively, so perfectly that it kept me involved in the story, eager for more. Each time I thought I had it all figured out, another theme developed, the plot twisted away, and I was baffled once again.It was really hard to like any of the characters. All of them were self serving, scheming in some way, working under the radar, suffering from one thing or another, often self inflicted wounds because of stupidity, greed, insecurity and perhaps, mental illness.I was able to identify with the closeness of the fraternal twins because I have a twin brother. Also, I was able to identify with the in-law issues, since most of us do experience them in one form or another, but with twins, I suspect it can be more intense because their unusual closeness can cause jealousy. Regardless of any common ground I found within the pages, I could not identify with the issues that troubled any of the characters in the story. They were simply not nice. They lied, stole, cheated, inflicted harm to others, played ugly games with people, disregarded the feelings of others, used them at will and, in general, seemed to be completely corrupt in some way. Yet, haven't we all known someone like that?All in all, Gone Girl, is a really good, exciting read!
Gillian Flynn's latest novel, Gone Girl, is what all psychological novels should be--a brilliant page-turner that makes the reader look askance at anyone resembling anyone in the novel!On the surface Nick and Amy appear to be marvelously suited for each other.  They're the beautiful people, almost too gorgeous to be true, living the high life in New York City.  Nick is a successful writer for a magazine, a poor boy making good.  Amy is "Amazing Amy," the subject of her author-parents' series of children's books that have made them extremely wealthy and given Amy the comfort of a significant trust fund while she works writing short psychological quizzes for women's magazines.They answer the "What's missing?" in each other's life, and had economic times been better they would have had--at least from a distanced perspective--the relationship about which fairy tales are made.But there are always problems in fairy tales, and both Nick and Amy lose their jobs as their companies cut back, and they return to Nick's Missouri town to help his sister, Go, take care of their failing mother and ailing father.When Amy goes missing, there is just enough of a chink in Nick's reaction to make the reader sit a bit straighter and continue to read.  True, he has already admitted he is someone incapable of fully displaying his feelings, but his involvement with the police and the search is just a touch off.I think the novel begins to coast a bit as the search continues and we gain insight into the other players, but not enough to have me swim away. Flynn is baiting me, and she neatly sets the hook in the second section, ratchets up the tension, increases the speed of the story, and would have had me reading non-stop until the end had I the free time!At first, Flynn uses Amy's diary to introduce us to her character.  It's a nice literary technique, and she alternates the diary entries with the reality of the search.  Allowing Amy to talk to the readers works so well because Nick's character is always with us and speaking in the first person.  We are not being influenced by an outside narrator who would not have intimate access to everything the characters think.  I enjoyed this immensely.I'm not going to add any spoilers here.  You've got to read this thriller and move with Gillian Flynn's very fleshed-out characters, Nick and Amy, as well as Nick's twin, Go, Amy's author-parents, the very interesting police on the case, and a few others whose appearances and actions might surprise you.I borrowed Gone Girl from my local library for my Kindle, but using the app on my phone, I would pull it out at every free moment to see what happened next.  The chapters are short, so it was easy to keep it all together.  Next time I am in the mood for a light read--a vacation page turner--I might choose another of Gillian Flynn's books.  But this one I vigorously recommend.
When I first started reading this book, I was wondering what all the fuss was about.  I was pleasantly surprised by the time I got about half way through.  It is definitely a book where the gimmicks pay off, however, without the gimmicks I am not sure it would be more than a decent read in the genre.
The book had so many twists and turns that i couldn't stop reading it to find out what happened next !
I like this book up until the ending.  Along the way you found out more details about the characters in this book but I felt that the ending was a let down.
Amy's mind worked in a scary but brilliant manner. I wasn't sure who did what, because she had covered her tracks so well. However, the ended was just mind boggling. There is no justice or consequences for this woman, and that is frightening.Would I recommend this book, Yes! It is worthy of reading, but I doubt it will be one that I would reread.
I plowed through the first third of this novel, then gave up. The other reviews say that it gets good somewhere after that. I will tell you everything that happens in the first 140 pages so you can start where (apparently) the good stuff begins.Nick and Amy live in New York. Nick writes about "pop culture" for websites. Amy writes personality quizzes for women's magazines. In 2008 they lose their jobs. They move to the small town in the Midwest where Nick grew up. Nick gets a job teaching writing at a community college and opens a bar with his sister. Amy stays home and doesn't look for a job. Amy, a native New Yorker, dislikes the small town. Elderly relatives of Nick pass away. Nick and Amy's marriage falls apart. On their fifth anniversary, Amy vanishes.Exciting plot, huh? Fascinating characters? Hardly. I couldn't care less where Amy has gone. I'm giving the book two stars instead of one because one of characters makes chicken-and-Fritos casserole. I looked up the recipe on the Internet and it's really good! And it's perfectly healthy: chicken, beans, onions, garlic, chili powder, Monterey Jack cheese, and I used multigrain organic corn chips instead of Fritos. Everyone at my house liked it.
I came into this book knowing nothing about the subject matter or the plot, only that people were raving about it, I think it's best to go into it this way, so I'll keep this review spoiler free.The plot is you get two point of views on the crumbling of a marriage you get Amy's point of view from the past in journal entries,  and you get Nick her husbands present day point of views, as Amy is gone, we don't know if she's missing or dead, all we know is their is signs of a struggle and a fair amount of blood was cleaned up.  We get all the information second hand as Nick finds out and is quickly the prime suspect, but what makes it interesting is both Amy and Nick are people who like to keep secrets and lie.  So their narration sometimes leads the reader astray, which is good fun, trying to find out which is being truthful about this and that.There is a huge twist, and what i found really interesting is the place of that twist, a lot of times the author will reveal it right at the end and not give the reader a lot of time to get used to this idea, but in this book it comes earlier and make you really analyze the twist and the situation.From a writing stand point I really like how the story was told it was very clever, I don't know how they'll work it into a movie script, but it was very interesting. I really like the way she writes men, this is probably the best I've read from someone not of my gender, because she nailed a lot of things that we do and what's in our head.There is some language issues, which didn't bother me, but I know some others will, most of the language is done for shock value, but it's layered into the plot make some of the twist mean more.  Most of it is used in relation to sex and describing of sex, with paints a pretty horrible picture just like the author intended.Why I gave this novel four stars is there is one character that is very revenge happy it reveals, any person that does them wrong, they're going to pay, But there are two characters that do so wrong and ruin everything for a character, and they're practically forgotten about, and mentioned only a couple times after the incident.  The character has other things on it's mind, but still, they get away with taking a lot away from this person, and there were places where it could have been talked about.  The ending, was okay, it works, but it's not really crowd pleasing, I thought she could have done better.I would recommend this book for people don't want to read the convictional twist and turn thriller novel,  that like a little edge to there story, for women trying to find us guys out.
I've not read a &#34;murder mystery&#34; for years, thinking them too formulaic or obvious. but this book took control and wouldn't let me put it down. Chock full of good, black humor and VERY well-developed characters. Amy and Nick's marriage defines &#34;dysfunctional&#34;. Especially recommend for all you married folks....
Among the abundance of multi-layered literary suspense novels that flood the market today, the trick to success, it seems to me, is to not only be clever with the plot but to develop characters that supplement the expressed ingenuity and then build a tale that enhances both. This work by Gillian Flynn, an apparent noted suspense writer, starts out with a variegated story with suspenseful turns and a unique presentation from both a missing wife and a suspicious husband perspective and for two-thirds of the book this approach seems to work in a meaningful and positive way...most readers, I'm sure, will find the themes and characters here relatable and the work satisfying.We are introduced to our husband and wife team, Nick and Amy, seemingly happy together until Amy goes missing under suspicious and apparently violent circumstances. Continuing with this he said/she said perspective, we find that not all is as well in paradise as we're initially led to believe. Onerous nuances are supplemented by significant plot turns that, at this point, make the pages fly by.Suddenly though, the story seems to descend into an abstract, mind changing and character altering mess making the last third impossibly implausible. Characters seem to be floating rapidly from one end of the emotional spectrum to the other with no means or explanation and the whole foundation of the story falls apart at its most important point.It's a shame really because it's evident that Flynn possesses talent in this medium and, armed with a competent story to tell, would surely pull off a sensational work. This work is not it, however. My impression of this book is that she struggled for a poignant ending and could come up with nothing so meandered for a hundred pages or so...her protagonists at the beginning absolutely do not match those at the end.Certainly a talented mystery/suspense writer, I'm given to try other works by Gillian Flynn just for completeness...'Gone Girl' unfortunately is not that `complete' work
I have avoided buying this book because I didn't think it was something I would like. But it followed me whenever I was looking for a new book which is a lot I read constantly. It wasn't even a wish list book. Finally the beginning of 2014 and decided I would read the reviews one more time and it was someone who didn't like it that made me go ahead and buy it.  Thank you critical critic.  This is one of the most original stories I have read in a long time. It is not like every other in any way.  I love the back and forth and right smack dab in the middle the about face was well it just floored me.  I mean half way through you will be like what just happened.  If you are looking for something original read this book.  By the way in the end I hated them both for different reasons and don't wait for a happy ending there isn't one.
Based on what I had heard about the book, I guess I knew that I had to be wary from the start. It is clear from the onset that someone or everyone is lying. But who? And what about? Coupled with vivid writing, clever metaphors and the author's acute awareness of clich&eacute;, I liked both the "insight" into the minds of the characters and the whodunit aspect of the book. Gillian Flynn herself manipulates the reader, mirroring her perversely flawed characters. Overall, I felt that the book deserved 4.5 stars. This loss of star was only because the author set a rather high bar on her intelligent prose in the first section that seemed to slip as the book moved on to subsequent sections. Other than this minor literary quibble and some loose ends here and there, Gone Girl is a classic page turner and a terrific read. I was hooked from page 1 and often stayed up late to find out what happened next, embarking on little treasure hunts for clues in the writing.
I think the presentation in two voices --  hers and his -- was what made this book so absorbing.  Unlike some of the other reviewers, I liked the ending.  It left you thinking.
Good book; good story line and kept me interested with an on going pace I like. I have suggested others I know read it!
"Gone Girl" by Gillian Flynn is not a bad book.  However, it does not live up to its promise in my opinion.Gillian Flynn sets up what could be an interesting narrative structure - the alternating voices of Nick and Amy Dun.  A married couple, Amy, a "trust-fund kid" raised by her doting parents in New York, disappears on their fifth wedding anniversary.  Nick, an out-of-work writer forced to buy a bar in order to make ends meet, becomes the police's prime suspect. You know Nick is not a "straight shooter." He has a pre-paid cell going off all through the early days of the investigation, which he ignores.  And she comes across as the perfectly "Amazing Amy."Going further would be delving into spoiler land. So I'll stop.But the structure is not enough to hold you. Unfortunately, Flynn relies heavily on sterotypes to populate the novel.  Here are a few: A TV crime reporter who spouts off, convicting people on cable;  A high priced lawyer name Tanner Bolt, who specializes in getting high-profile clients off gets involved; The empathetic "real" reporter; The ugly, competent female who is  in Nick's corner from the get-go; A couple of oblivious, self-absorbed Boomer parents.And every stock character behaves exactly as you think they will. Even, unfortunately, the main characters. In fact, I found no character with any believable depth.Of course, this is a mystery thriller, and I give genre writers a bit of lee-way. In mysteries, I love cleaver plot-twists. However, I had the major "twists" figured out about fifty pages in...  [no spoilers, so I deleted the text here]. So even the suspense was pedestrian.Criticisms aside, though, Flynn is a very clear writer. Even though I had the twists figured out early on, and found the characters cartoonish, her narrative pulse led me on. And likely why the book has been a chart-topper for so long. Moreover, I really enjoy mystery/ suspense, and turn to it because I love watching people get their just deserts. However, when a sociopath meets a weak-willed narcissist...I'd say more, but no spoilers makes me stay my tongue.
*No Spoilers*If you haven't heard of this book, then you're ignoring it on purpose because it's everywhere and lots and lots of people are talking about it including Reese Witherspoon who hopes to produce the movie.So, what's it about? Why the hype?Technically, it's about Nick and Amy Dunne and how their marriage goes very, very wrong. It's about control and the loss of control and the ability for two people to go from happily married, to anything but. It's manipulation turned up as high as it will go and it's riveting.Riveting.Absolutely riveting.However, it was also one of the most ridiculous plots I have ever read. I mean, when you hear that this book is "all kinds of crazy" they aren't kidding. I think everything that could have gone wrong, did go wrong and then even cycled back around to repeat some stuff that wasn't fully played out the first time around. This book is crazy on a stick!I was happy with it halfway through, because every time I picked it up, my eyes were glued to the page and nothing else mattered. But after the halfway point, I found myself thinking that Ms. Flynn was just fooling with me. She dropped red herrings everywhere and threw in some really incredible things for shock value but none of it, NONE OF IT surprised me and most of the time I could even see it coming.I think this book is doing well for many reasons. One, Flynn can write. Two, when everyone says it's crazy, you've gotta to know why. Three, it's fun to be on the other side of crazy, where you can watch this train wreck unfold from the comfort of your home and not have to know these people in real life. Four, it's a page-turner and for its entertainment alone, it's worth the price you pay for it.So, I have mixed feelings about it. I liked it for its entertainment value and I liked being able to discuss it with others who have already read it. There is a lot to discuss with this one. However, it didn't surprise me or wow me or even shock me. It was predictable and parts of it were so ridiculous that I sprained my eyeballs rolling them.I got to thinking though, there's nothing wrong with an entertaining read. This is a book that will keep your mind off of the smelly person sitting next to you on the train and when the movie comes out, I'm sure I'll see it.
worst book ever! just couldnt see what all the hype was about. The lead character was so sleazy, self absorbed and inhumane, if felt dirty just reading it. The plot was long, non sensical and downright infuriating, it's was an e book purchase, wish i could return it!
I love this book! it's so gripping & keeps you on the edge of your seat! It's one of those books you cannot put down! I love how there are two parts in the book, and each part has you feeling different ways about the characters. There are a few twists & unexpected turns that have you screaming OUT LOUD in shock/ Disbelief/anger, what have you. If you love a great Thriller, get this book!
I was on the edge of my seat the whole time as I reading. The ending makes you wonder though.......
It had a slow start but it quickly picked up and was so good, I could not put it down!
A book not easily forgotten. That's really all I want to say about this book but I'm adding this extra drivel  because one must use certain amount of words.  It's why don't bother to write reviews. Short sound bites can be just as useful.
A different genre story than I usually read; but I thoroughly enjoyed it.  This is not a book for every reader.
I stayed up late to finish Gone Girl.  It was a waste of time.  I liked the first part of the book, but began to lose interst as it became ridiculous.  I figured the ending would  help me to like the book a bit. But no!  It was even more far-fetched.
I don't know if I liked this book or not.  Isn't that weird?  Part of me liked it because you really didn't know which way it was going to go, and the other part of me didn't like it because the people were so dysfunctional, and I didn't like the end.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn is an amazing mystery and character study that keeps you off balance all the way through. The reader is never prepared for what happens next.
This is one of the best thrillers I have ever read . It is credible , realistically disturbing and unpredictable . A very &#34;out of the box&#34; thriller . The author makes some disturbingly honest and thought provoking observations on marriage . A most memorable read !
Interesting story idea but nothing but whining characters. Hated them both. It would have been better if they had just killed each other before the book was written.
Very good. A fascinating plot and good characterisation. My only criticism is that the style of writing was sometimes strange
Powerful draw that hooks you instantly. Filled with power, deceit, and distraught intention this story quickly turns and curves through different climates of human intellect.
I kept thinking this book was going to get better. It started out slow...got really weird ...then stranger still and just ended. Absolutely awful. I won't read this author again, nor will I see the movie. (I can usually accept a book for the value it holds even if it isn't really my cup of tea, but not this one...it was just sick & wrong.)
Started off as a great relationship...then marriage...then...Twisted. Jealousy. Marriage. Then she is gone. READ it. This was recomened to me to read and I so WAS NOT interested...I was way wrong. Gone Girl blew my mind! What a great book.
Great story that alternated between his and her points of view, continually getting smaller, quicker, more intense in the repartee like a fine musical composition until you are completely sucked in for the ending.
Very fun book, read it because it was everywhere in the media, it was the perfect beach read for the summer.
Nick and Amy Dunne are supposed to be celebrating their five year anniversary. Amy always creates an elaborate scavenger hunt using places significant to them that ends with Nick's gift. This year, however, Amy has been abducted. Nick came home to signs of a struggle and an empty house. An investigation is launched and Nick quickly is labeled as the prime suspect, with no solid alibi for the time of the abduction and damning pieces of evidence coming out over the course of the investigation. The longer Amy is gone, the worse it looks for Nick as details of their less than idyllic marriage come to light. He rapidly goes from grieving husband to scumbag murderer in the eyes of the public. Nick has to either concretely prove his innocence or find Amy alive and well, both of which seem impossible, in order to salvage his reputation, his freedom, and his life.Gone Girl is just a crazy, wild ride. It starts off innocuous enough. Amy is attacked and kidnapped in her home and Nick is trying to find out what happened to her. It alternates between Nick's narrative in the present day and Amy's diary, which dates back to when they first met. Then things get revealed throughout the story: the problems with their marriage, the fighting, Amy's unhappiness, and the cheating. All of these things coupled with Nick's inappropriate behavior, his blatant and numerous lies, and his general smugness leads the public and the police to believe he is responsible for Amy's disappearance. I thought I had everything totally figured out: Nick was a creepy psycho killer who murdered Amy, but didn't remember because of some mental disorder. I was completely sure and confident how it would end. Oh how wrong I was. At about the half way point, everything changes. It was like a slap in the face. Half of the information given in the first half is completely false and I had no idea where is it was going from there. The ending is also crazy twisty and infuriating. Even though it was unsatisfying, I liked it because I in no way predicted it at all. I see why so many people hate it, but surprise and a great story are pluses in my book.Gillian Flynn has an insane mind. The story goes to places I never would have guessed and I tend to predict a lot of the books endings that I read. She also makes to pretty unlikable people sympathetic. Nick is a douchebag. He lies to the police multiple times, cheats on his wife, and is generally a smarmy, smug guy. He's kind of horrible, but he doesn't deserve to have his entire life ruined if he didn't commit the crime. Amy is a perfectionist and a type A personality. She's controlling, manipulative, and passive aggressive. However, parts of her story make her sympathetic. I can't really say much more without major spoilers. Anyway, her writing kept me reading through the night, desperate to know what happens.Gone Girl is an interesting take on marriage and is the most unique and unpredictable novel I've read in a while. I personally can't wait for the film version coming out some time this year. I would highly recommend that you read it even though you will probably hate the ending with the fire of a thousand suns.
This books keeps your interest from beginning to end.  You're not sure who the villian is til nearly the end. Brilliant!!
A dark story about a relationship that has fallen apart. But who is the saint and who is the sinner? Gillian Flynn is an accomplished wordsmith who has crafted this mystery and suspense story with an admirable attention to plot and to detail. Having said that, if you like every aspect of a mystery to stand up to critical analysis, you may need to suspend your analytical tendencies as regards the robustness of some parts of the resolution of the story.I stayed up for five hours last night to finish it, so it qualifies as a page turner on my scale. You know from the outset that Flynn is playing with your expectations, yet she still surprises you at (almost) every turn.The story is told in alternating chapters from the POV of Nick, the husband, and Amy, the wife. A golden couple that have fallen, it seems, on hard times. The focus of the story is Amy's sudden and unexplained disappearance, with signs of foul play that point unerringly at Nick. But is Amy dead, and is Nick really a killer?I loved the book; my only suggestion to Mrs Flynn would be that she draws out the denouement. The book could, and in my opinion should, have ended earlier and more dramatically. Maybe she has a sequel in mind...
Only a woman could write a book like this, and I think only a woman could enjoy a book like this in all its contrivances. As a man, I can only say I regret wasting the time.
Trying not to give away any of this book, this was an exciting read with unexpected twists and amazing detail. It was a little scary to see some of yourself in these characters. I couldn't put this one down and tried to read as fast as I could to get to the end. I wanted justice! However, this one did not end as expected. For a moment I was trying to decide if I hated the book because it didn't have the ending "I wanted", but then reflecting on this whole ride, the ending was rather fitting for the characters.
There is wonderful writing here--but we all need to shout loud until Amazon pays its fair share of corporation tax. I really enjoyed this author's earlier books and if you did, why don't you log in and leave 10 more reviews like this today. It shouldn't just be people who can't afford a team of tax specialists who pay their fair share of tax. Sign that cheque or forever lose my respect and the respect, no doubt, of this very fine author.Amazon was happy to take your money, but is trying every trick in the book to avoid paying its dues back. This has got to stop.Amazon avoids UK taxes by reporting European sales through a Luxembourg-based unit, which allows it to pay a rate of less than 12% on foreign profits last year--less than half the average corporate income tax rate in its major markets. The company's United Kingdom website reported a turnover of 207m for 2011, but its tax bill was just 1.8m.This is not illegal. Just damn immoral.The other option, of course, is to visit a book shop.
This is one of the best books ever. The characters are well developed, however the best thing is the plot. It has more twists and turns than a corkscrew. Guaranteed to keep you on the edge of your seat.
Lots of twists and turns. You won't want to put this book down once you've started it! A great read.
I love the format of the story telling.  Back and forth between the husband and wife's voice made the reading fast and surprising.  Read this book!
This book had me up until the very last page. Disappointment. Dear Author: consider an alternatge ending or a sequel.
You cannot put this book down. Diabolical and unpredictable. That said, it was a little like eating a bag of potato chips --- you cannot stop but once you are finished you wished you hadn't started.It was a wild ride. Once it was finally over I was glad to get off.Hats off for an incredible story teller. Too dark for my tastes. Writing style/word choice a bit bland compared to others like Julian Barnes &#34;Sense of an Ending&#34;  but glad I read it to see what all the fuss was about.
Very well written.  Kept me engaged & entertained the entire time.  I could not wait to figure out what happened to the wife.  Surprising twists & turns throughout.  I am looking forward to reading another book by this author.  The only reason I didn't give it 5/5stars is because I was slightly disappointed with the ending.
This book started out really well but became very gimmicky toward the end. I enjoyed Gillian Flynn's first two novels much more.
I'm not a mystery reader but enjoy a well constructed book.  I enjoyed the first half of the this book but the second half was not as engrossing, as if the author got tired of the characters and just wanted to end the book.  There's potential that went unfulfilled.
This is quite the story.  It is an intriguing mystery novel that turns into a psycological case study of a marriage.  Quite a read!
No, that's not really the question.  The question is, "Why do writers publish books when they can't come up with a decent ending?"  I know that wrapping up a story satisfactorily is VERY difficult - the proof is all around us.  I enjoyed this book right up until I realized that, in the end, the author had no idea what to do with the monsters she had created for us.  The ending was completely unsatisfactory.  Meh.  Novels like this are not about the "journey".  The journey needs to be good, but the destination needs to be awesome - whether it makes us feel vindicated, or angry, or anguished, or joyful.  It should never make us feel "meh."If you want to read this book, I suggest borrowing it from a library.  It's not one that I want to keep after reading.
....because it wasn't the same person that wrote the first 75%, which was absolutely brilliant.  As other reviewers have mentioned - and I'm piling on - the ending was not nearly as clever as the rest of the book and left me very disappointed.  I'm going to give it 3 Stars, and pretend I didn't read the last several chapters.The writing, character development, imagery, tension, and pit-in-stomach feeling was fantastic through the first 75%.  If you are an inspiring writer, I highly recommend you grab a box of highlighters, a box of pens, some notebook paper and read this book, so that you know how to capture these elements in a story.  Don't forget to read the last 25% because there are lessons there as well, such as having the ending figured out, before you reach a "no turning back" point, which Flynn clearly hit.
This book took a few pages to get me hooked - but once I was hooked... I was hooked. I was told there was a twist to the story before I read it... but I figured out what the twist was as I read further into the book and I saw it coming. I think I would have figured that out even if no one told me there was a twist. So - it was disappointing to see that coming so easily.  And I really didn't like the ending at all. It was very flat and didn't have the same quality as the rest of the book. But overall, I can't complain... it was well written, gripping, easy to follow, and hard to put down.  It is very uncommon to have a story be so good and so interesting when the main characters are so unlikeable. (The musical "Chicago" comes to mind as another example of unlikeable characters, yet a good story line).  And a book with those qualities is worth five stars to me.
I hate to admit that I liked this complicated, screwed up story. The book isn't screwed up. It's very well done, and that's what I ended up liking. There are no characters to like here, a cheating husband and a brilliant, crazy wife, Their plots are elaborate but believable, although I believe the police would have been far more involved in bringing charges against both these nutty people.Everyone loves a lovable nut. Everyone feels for a well-drawn person with a mental illness. But these folks are discreetly crazy and amazingly revenge seeking. It's hard to say more without spoiling so I won't.I read it in no time in spite of myself. Worth reading. I think most will be reluctant fans. I'll be watching for the next Flynn, and I suppose I'll read it whatever the subject might be. In my opinion Flynn is that good a writer!
This was less a mystery than a dissection of marriage.  The marriage in question was pretty awful (hahaha, understatement), but the sections exploring what they had done to each other from their viewpoints were engrossing.  The writing was clean.  I thought the ending weak - or maybe I was just disappointed.  Given the personalities of the embattled pair, it was probably true to life.  I don't read mystery/thriller etc, but this had generated so much talk, I tried it.  Glad I did.
I was within a few pages of calling it quits when the book finally took off.  Then I couldn't quit if I wanted to.  I'll read all she writes.
Grabs your attention immediately and you are a little afraid that your are enjoying a murderer's story a little too much. Such twists and turns and spooling out of details keeps you from putting it aside for very long. Winds down & gets fairly bizarre towards the end but definitely gives you the sensation of a roller coaster right up to the slightly disappointing decline as you pull into the station. Good ride though.
Much better if you don't know anything about the spoilers while reading the book. I hated the ending, but the first 80% of the book was worth the contrived ending.
This is one of the best books I have read this year. A page turner. Great read. Highly recommend it.
I couldn't put the book down. I was surprised at the ending. the characters in the book interested me. what a great imagination the author has
This in one amazingly sick and twisted work of art.  Certainly the best psychological thriller I have read in awhile.  It is a murder mystery, sure, but much much more.  It is brilliantly structured and populated with compelling characters -- from the majors to the minors.  Especially the main characters who sweetly creep into your head until you believe you know them intimately and then you don't know who or what you are dealing with -- much like this husband and wife whose understanding of each other is shockingly underestimated.  Love it or hate it, abnormal psychology is fascinating.  And this story explores the subject to a degree that is insidiously hyper normal.  Meaning, this tale of fiction is like a distorted mirror reflecting our voyeuristic and media-crazed culture.  And, in a bizarre way, it could be a metaphor for marriage.And in the end, beware, the love you create may be equal to the love you hate.Todd Crawshaw, author,Exploits of the Satyr
Very innovative and successful writing style, a great book full of excellent and completely real characters - definitely worth reading.
It was just too much of a woman's book and I couldn't really get into it. My female friends loved it. If you are a guy think about this. If you are a woman don't pay any attention to this review.
The auhor's writing is superb and the intricate plot moves swiftly--but perhaps the author tired of her story, Gone Girl,at the end?  The reader is dropped with a thump when the wife of the protagonist is not brought to justice forher serious crimes...&#34;Gone Girl&#34; was/is truly twisted and perhaps evil...the reader is teased with the idea ofher paying but, no, it is all dropped because she is pregnant...really?  She gets away with crime...most mysteryreaders want satisfying conclusions except, of course, in real life this is often not possible,,,some greatliterature ends with flawed, evil characters...but this book clunked shut and in spite of its &#34;fame&#34; I do notrate it highly and am sorry I gave into press and bought the Kindle version. Gone Girl is now gone frommy reading list
where I was left hanging. so, color me uncomplex. I like closure. this was a very interesting story....sort of Kathleen Turner meets Missouri. and even though this was not an entirely an original plot, the writing was well crafted and the story held my interest. I kept waiting for the conclusion to shed some light on the hapless male lead's lot in life, but, alas, maybe there's a sequel. bottom line? good up to the end, then a head-scratcher. like, say what??? huh? did i get cheated out of the last 4 pages????
I wasn't sure what to expect, even with the reviews, as I read Flynn's 'Sharp Objects' and while it was fine, it wasn't memorable to me. Well, with this book she's certainly hit the bullseye. I would equate it to be the 'Presumed Innocent' of today, it is that startling, surprising and riveting. Oh, and dark. Wow, what a dark twisted trip is this book. If you like great thrillers, well written and complex, I can't imagine you will find anything this year to beat it.  I did start to suspect one big twist, but that was mostly because the book was so well written and constructed, and the views of events between the main characters so wildly different at times, it was hard not to come to one certain conclusion. But that was only the first of a number of terrific surprises, all of which worked beautifully for me.As for a few of the reviews complaining about the ending... it is brilliant. Horrifying but brilliant and everything in the novel before leads to it, it makes perfect sense. I was reading the final 30 pages at work (it's truly a 'can't put the book down' novel) and a co-worker at one point remarked, 'What on earth are you reading??' as my face apparently was evidencing such horror. Again, brilliant, if upsetting, ending. What a great book!
It started very slow and really did not pick the pace until well into the storey. It was a good tale of warped characters
This book had me glued in an instant! I had been told about it ages ago but like Jimmy Fallon, I was late to the party on this one. I guarantee when reading this book you will begin to question what you would do in such a situation. Great read for anyone.
Read it. Give it a chance. All will be revealed. And the twists were unexpected. Don't you love it when you don't see it coming? Being able to read from the perspectives of the husband and then the wife was engaging.I started picking sides early on. Enjoy.
Wow! This was a good one. Every time I thought about what would happen next - I wasn't even close!  First I didn't like or trust Nick, then it was Amy. Then I was feeling sorry for Rhonda. I almost wanted to cheat and go to the end to find out what happened - but I didn't.
A decent read up until the ending. I just felt like more could have been done at the end with the book.
Characters are two nut-cases. A little slow starting, but fast reading to see what happens next. It has a surprise ending.
I enjoyed this book but it isn't anything groundbreaking.  It is worth your time but go into it with subdued expectations.
Enjoyed the suspense and looking forward to the movie.  I couldn't read something along these lines back to back though.
I was expecting a lot out of this book. Between the reviews on Amazon and from my friends, I thought I was going to be reading something so amazing I would want to re-read it immediately. It was good, but it was not that good. I think maybe my expectations were just too high to give it a fair read.
Waste of time. Ends up like a comic book of mysteries. Would not recommend it to anyone. Don't buy it.
Pretty sure I took this girl to homecoming. The sad part of this story is how over the top it is in trying to get across the irony of a &#34;relationship&#34; yet how often have we seen things just like this in the news. I won't give examples because I don't want to spoil anything...just read it and you'll see.
Starts out exciting, mysterious and clever. Ends with the most boring let down ever. So disappointing! Hard to believe it's been a best seller so long. I'm unimpressed!
This book was not at all what I thought it would be about.  I'm still not sure who the psychotic was or if it was both of them?!?!  Great read!
thought the concept was good,but the ending left me wanting to throw the book if it wasn't on my Kindle!
Unexpected plot turns and clear writing.. Gone Girl book held my rapt attention from start to finish.  I just bought the rest of Gillian Flynn's offerings.
Difficult to put down.  Would love to read a sequel to see how Amy, Nick and their baby boy is now.
Wow, Gillian really had me going....She develops her characters well, but WHY couldn't she have given us a better ending???
I had just read a couple of A.B. Guthrie's books, so I was initially disappointed the skill wasn't equivalent; however,  I didn't dare skim through "Gone Girl" by being satisfied reading the first sentence of each paragraph as I was while reading "Big Sky". I FELT I would've missed something crucial that would help in guessing what crazy event would happen next! It was fun to be on the edge of my seat without a clue as to what direction the author was taking me. I FELT captive until that last page was turned and then FELT lost once it was. And I have no idea why my kindle capitalized the word "FELT". Oops...did it again.
This book was a great read but it was also very disturbing....I would only recommend this book to those who truly love to read!! It isn't a book to take lightly or if you are a reader that can take it or leave it.  Very well written!!
Gone Girl was an excellent read.  It was very well written and I highly recommend it.  A little disappointed with the ending but I can imagine how else it could have ended.
I feel like I've wasted my time reading this! What a shame it started out good.  Save yourself time and money.
I read the book to it's closing, so it obviously possessed enough suspense that I had to find out what was 'really' going on with these characters.  However, when I finished I felt let down and immensely irritated at the ending, these characters, the ridiculous story line and that I wasted my valuable time hoping sincerely that surely there would be a 'healthier' outcome for these two characters.  Disappointing.  I doubt I'll read Gillian Flynn's work again.
This book was highly recommended, so our book club read it. No one liked it. When I found out Nick's secret, the book completely ended for me. Then the ending sealed the nails in the coffin to a two star review.  I did not like any of the characters, they were so self absorbed and whiny. Amy and Nick were completely co-dependent.  I really felt more sympathy for Amy than anyone else. Her crazy parents were totally to blame for her psychosis. This opinion is based on reading a great non fiction book, Evil Genes, Why Rome Fell, Hitler Rose, Enron Failed and My Sister Stole My Mother's Boyfriend. That book describes how an early life event can cause dis-associative personality disorder and turn someone into a psychopath. Anyway, the way the chapters went from Nick to Amy throughout the book kept me reading. I read it fast and felt it was a page turner and couldn't put it down, until it unraveled with Nick's secret. Then I felt like I just had to finish for book club. Flynn likes to flesh out the insidious dark side of women, and that she did with this book, and Amy was not the only character who was that way. My biggest criticism is the development of Nick. He was such a typical guy, wants the cool girl, the cool life, and then he just bails on all of it. And since he was so typical, his staying at the end is NOT possible, it does not fit his character. Guys cut their losses and run. He held all the cards at the end,(and you know Amy would slip again like she did once in the book)so there is no reason to stay. I know many will disagree, but I found it just unbelievable. Read if you wish, but don't whine at the end. You've been warned.
I purchased this book because it was a book club choice book.  I thought the book was gripping enough to keep turning the page but thought the two characters in this book were aweful people. I HATED the ending of this book and I am not sure I would reccomend this to anyone to read.
Great book with a good story.  Full of twists and turns.  Love and hate the characters at the same time......until the end.  I hate the ending!
While this book starts out as a thriller, it soon fades into a poorly written novel. The characters are vapid and egocentric, with few redeeming features. The prose is repetitive, often finding the same words in one paragraph. There is very little that is of value here. Not worth the time with so much else to read.
This book contains a lot of twists and turns that kept me guessing until the end.  It was hard to put down.
Without a doubt, GONE GIRL is one of the best books I have read in the past year.  Surprisingly, it was not until I looked up the Gillian Flynn's previous works that I realized I had read SHARP OBJECTS, a book I really thought was quite ridiculous.  Ms. Flynn has come a long way in her writing ability.Told in three sections with alternating chapters, GONE GIRL tells the story of married couple Nick and Amy Dunne.  To say that there are problems in this marriage would be an extreme understatement.  There is a great deal of, oh, let's call it, mind screwing going on here.  In the first section, you love Amy and hate Nick, in the second section, that's reversed.  Both Amy and Nick really do not know each other and, like the reader, are desperately trying to figure each other out.  As the story progresses, you suddenly begin to realize that there is more than just a little dysfunction going on in this marriage.Some may not like the third and last section of this book, but I honestly cannot see how this story could end any other way.  Flynn has written a clever, witty and deeply disturbing story that will not disappoint.
I can usually finish a good book in a few days at the most- this book was just boring in parts- and took me over a long & agonizing week to complete. I appreciate the unexpected turns, but the space in between was too long and tedious. I never stop reading a book, but thought about it several times while reading this book. I'd have to encourage thriller readers to definitely pass on this book- not a page turner and somewhat predictable.
It was a bit unrealistic. From a psychology viewpoint, people just don't behave like this. It was just okay, not great.
The only negative about this book is that it had to end. Gillian Flynn's unique story of love, hatred and suspense captures you from the beginning and stays with you long after the last page has turned. Bravo Miss Flynn. More "Amazing Amy" and Nick PLEASE!
Wow! This book has so many twists and turns you won't want to put it down.  Amazing and devious. Fantastic.
Twisted&#8230;it reminds me of Kathleen Turner's War of the Roses. Wasn't as depressing as I thought. There were a lot of painfully true yet funny parts. I wouldn't aways be in  mood to read something like this but it is a very suspenceful page-turner.
I was excited to read this book since I had been seeing it on best seller list for a long time.  I was a bit disappointed.  I found that I did not like the characters so I had a hard time really getting into the book.  I did appreciate the twists and turns provided by the author, but I came away feeling just a little bit sick by the end of the story.  I would only recommend this book with a caution as to not expect a feel good read in any way.  Kudos to the author though for an unusual, clever plot.
Very disappointed with this book could not make head or tails with the story and just seemed to go on about nothing with a stupid ending.  Would not recommend this book to anyone
I really liked this book, I won't give it away, but I didn't really care of the ending.  I thought the characters were great and I enjoyed the writing so much that after I finished this book, I started reading &#34;Dark Places&#34;.
I enjoyed Gone Girl, tho not as much as the author's other two books.  A good read.  Go for it.
The plot captivated me but equally interesting was the characterization.  The realism of the couple's differing perspectives of what marriage is supposed to be added another layer of complexity.
I saw an interview by this author and thought this book sounded good.  Since I retired I am always on the look out for good books.  Finally, after seeing it on the best seller list for weeks and weeks I decided I must be missing out on something really good and bought the book.  It is one of the best books I read this past year.
Wide_eye, awestruck book!!!!!  Could not put this book down.  I felt like I had seats to a train wreck!  Just when things got strange they got stranger!
This is a mystery that shifts between a man and his missing wife. Each chapter is written from the viewpoint of one or the other and you impression of each changes as they tell their stories.The ending is not expected.I generally do not care for mysteries but I liked this one.
loved this book!!!  the story grabs you and there are so many twists and turns.  fun to read and share with a friend!
I had high hopes for this book, I am beginning to learn the higher rated a book does not necessarily mean it is a good book.  I think a lot of it is hype around a particular book that gets it a higher rating.  I thought the book started off good, but then started to get bored with so much detail into every little thought and feeling it was exhausting.  Why some characters were even in the book baffles me.  Yes we get it, she is manipulative, he&#8217;s a jerk. I was disappointed because I was waiting for something to happen, why devote so much time to characters or a story that doesn&#8217;t go anywhere.  Almost like the author decided when finishing the last few chapters decided they might be able to make this a book series.
I thought the story line was very bizarre. The book was recommended to me, but I wouldn't recommend it myself.
The author plotted this book genuinely with both hubby's tale and wife's tale (or diary). I deluded myself I was reading soap opera of conflict between husband and wife until part two. No. This novel is not that genre. Although I disappointed with the end which was opposite to my hope to solve the case, I really sank into the story. I like the story progression and agony the author made in this book, but hate them both, Nick and Amy.
What a diabolical page turner....could not put it down....bizarre yet fascinating to determine who the victim really was...probably will be a tv movie....if you like sydney sheldon books, this one is for you
I enjoyed this book as the story line twists and turns with your emotions as the characters develop. Trying to work out what had happened, I enjoyed it to the last page.
I was mesmerized with the ins and outs of this mystery. I thoughtI had it figured out only to have another twist throw me off
This book was nothing like I thought it would be. It actually kicks butt! Nothing is at it seems with Gone Girl. I have to admit, it took me a while to get past the first chapter, but I couldn't put it down once I did. GREAT BOOK!!
A previous reviewer made mention of the saying "the mask, given time, comes to be the face itself".  However, in the context of this book, the two main characters knowingly maintain their charade and their knowledge of each other's real selves, fully aware that their marriage is one big masquerade.We, as readers, are strung along whichever story line Nick and Amy (the main characters) wish to divulge.  This is the main strength of Flynn's writing.  Because for each story line to feel solid, real and authentic, the writer would have had to plot out every single possible consequence, and retrofit it into the story and its timeline.  Flynn is a master of this, and makes her a scary person in real life (pun intended, meant as a credit to her attention to detail).This book makes me hate worldliness (which I define as "world, love me!") and how it permeates relationships.  This book makes me hate selfishness, and the desire to protect one's image, reputation, and stories, no matter the cost.On the other hand, this book makes me appreciate living a life of truth, a life that Christianity espouses, despite criticism from the more learned people.  A simple life, lived in truth, within means, with constant forgiveness and attempt to change, is more worthy of emulation, than any successful masquerade.Excellent writing - and subject matter for essays, debates, discussions, and book clubs.  Recommended for reflection, but make sure that you have a good grip of your own convictions as a person.  Proceed with caution.
This is a well written book with an interesting plot.  Quite a few twists and turns along the way.  I didn't want to put the book down.
Not sure what all the hype was about. Felt very formulatic and there were no surprises especially when you knew Gillian was trying to pull one off. I also hate when the author feels like it's necessary to explain the storyline. That means to me they didn't do a good enough job leading you to understand what's happening by their story telling. Save your money and pick it up at the library if you want to judge for yourself.
Very clever. These two deserve each other in spades. Funny, scary, nuts...I'd read another of her's given a chance. Go Flynn
Deep into "Gone Girl", I congratulated myself for purchasing such a great novel; I could not put it down.  The writing was terrific, the plot "on-the-edge-of-your-seat", the proverbial Page Turner.  I wanted copies for my reader friends!  Three-quarters through, the story loses all plausibility; the ending astonishingly unsatisfying.  Too bad.  There were so many directions this story could have taken; in the end, it wimped out.
Just like pealing an onion the story developes from one disaster to the next,without RELIEF.I couldn't lay iy down,I read it in one weekend. What plot!
This book from the very begining had me hooked. It had me liking Amy in the begining and wondering what was Nick's problem. Then I find myself not liking Amy and I am totally Team Nick! At the end I dislike them both. If there was ever a book that will take you on a roller coaster ride and then at the end of the ride fling you off and let you land face first on the concrete... its this one.
'I enjoyed Sharp Objects and Dark Places but this book is the best of the three. Many twists and turns. Amazing Amy is one smart,sick woman.Can not wait until Gillian Flynn writes her next story. I did not want this one to end.
No spoilers, but I will say that if at first this book bores you, as it did me, stay with it because once it changes narrative, it becomes addictive! I'm glad I didn't give up on it, it became one of those books that I thought about for a day or two afterwards.
My book club chose this book. The beginning of the book was confusing for me and I thought I have to get through this for my meeting so I kept reading and things became really interesting.  I could not put the book down! It has so many twists and weird turns and kept me intrigue about how it would end.  I was thoroughly entertained by this "murder" mystery.
This was my first Flynn novel.I really enjoyed her writing style.Gone Girl is a real page turner, I must admit I thoughtthe ending really sucked, great until the end.so much thought and planning went into the storyand the end was just silly.
I am personally not a fan of fiction stories, however, this book was better than most. The story is a bit far fetched at times but still worth the read, and it is very easy to read at that
Initially, I thought this story was fascinating.  I also thought that Amy may be a run away wife, running from a cold, miserable husband. However, although Amy is a runaway of sorts, the horrible, implausible plot devolves into an incredibly sticky, intellectually insulting mess. The ending is totally ridiculous. Not recommended.
Gone girl made me uncomfortable, made me cringe, made me laugh out loud, made me hate these characters, and I absolutely loved it.  flynn's writing is brutally honest, especially when she writes about &#34;fun girl&#34;, and how being perfect in a relationship is unsustainable.  Amy is definitely a murdering psychopath, no doubt about it.  The book took me by surprise though that she'd get that crazy.  Read it, read it, read it!
I rarely write a bad review.  why bother?  But this book, to me, was beyond belief.  Way beyond.  The beginning was slow.  Once I understood what was really happening, I skimmed the rest of the book.  I am certain some people will love this book, but not me.
I'm glad I borrowed the book from the library instead of paying for it. This isn't a book I would ever re-read or recommend to anyone. The leading characters are unpleasant and have no redeeming or likeable characteristics. I am wondering if unlikeable characters are a new trend. Unusual plot, murder or is it? Disappointing ending.
This was a page turning book that I couldn't put down.  She made me love the characters and want more!! A must read!
This book kept me guessing until the very end. It is one of those stories that stays with you long after you have finished the book.
I must say I had my doubts about this book in the beginning. It was quite tedious but then the action appeared. I found myself truly loving and hating the characters at different times while reading. It definitely became intriguing in the middle.I don't like the way it ended. I hate feeling like I've been left hanging.
first time i have read gillian flynn.  will now read some of the older books.  enjoyed this book alot.  good plot twists
I totally enjoyed reading this fascinating book.  It is different than anything else I have read recently, unusual story and well-written.  A very complicated, twisted love story.  Reviews I read by other people indicated they were disappointed with the ending, but I thought the ending was perfect for the book.
I was really interested in the beginning, then it took a sharp turn down. I mean really I'm supposed to believe that she was smart enough to mastermind the whole setup and yet let two hicks swindle her????? Not believable to me.  Ending was too &#34;out there.&#34; sorry.
I love mysteries and really read almost nothing but them but nothing prepared me for this book.  Every time I thought I knew where the plot was going it would zig where I thought it was going to zag, and then zag where I thought it would zig.  I never knew where the plot was going to take me and was pleasantly surprised when it went where it did.  A page turner that I read in basically a day.  I mean I just couldn't put it down.
This novel started out slow but when it took off....watch out! Just when you thought you had reached the height of deception, another chapter unfolded. It was a page turner and very enjoyable!
The American dream goes sourAmy & Nick are two cool New Yorkers, working in dream jobs, being paid to write. Amy is a Cool Girl and the heroine for a succession of best selling books written by her parents. Who wouldn't envy them? And then the economy falls apart and "the once plentiful herds of magazine writers would continue to be culled - by the Internet, by the recession, by the American public". So sadly for Nick and Amy they both get made redundant and soon they can no longer afford to pay the mortgage on their trendy Brooklyn townhouse. Life can be cruel for losers in the City That Never Sleeps and the couple are forced to sell up, and retreat to somewhere affordable - in this case, back to Nick's Midwest home town, in nowheresville, Missouri.Despite their money worries, Nick has to find a way of making a living so borrows off Amy's inheritance to open a bar, as playing barkeep is something that he's always dreamed of doing.  But pretty soon Nick and Amy are arguing over money and once couples start doing that, it's a sign that love don't live there any more and all that's left then is the division of the spoils. Hardly the stuff of young love's dream, is it?Told from the point of view of both Nick and Amy, Gone Girl, is a psychological thriller, a War of the Roses for the 21st century. It is the tale of love gone toxic in a world where even the malls have closed down.  The big question at the heart of this book though is just who is the protagonist and who is the antagonist as by the end of the novel you may be none the wiser.This is writer Gillian Flynn's third novel. An experienced journalist, she is an assured writer and has done a particularly fine job with the characterisations of both Nick and Amy.  Nobody in Gone Girl is let off the hook, even Amy's parasitic parents who have made a living out of creating a perfect Amy for public consumption. It's no wonder that the film rights were snapped up so quickly as one this is for sure, Gone Girl is a book for its time, a cynical take on the reality of shattered hopes and dreams for one particular Generation X couple.
Loved reading the book and couldn't wait to find out what happened next.  A good read but didn't like the ending at all.
The book has been so comprehensively covered in other reviews, there is not much I can add.  It was the first book I have read in a long time that kept me up late two nights running, that I found almost impossible to put down.  It was refreshing to have that "I gotta know what happens next!" feeling -- the suspense and plot twists were dazzling.  I'm giving it four stars instead of five because, like many other reviewers, I felt let down by the way it ended. Despite that, I am recommending it to friends because it is such a great read almost all the way through.
This book was excellent! So many twists and turns until the very end! Sure would like to read a sequel to this one.
It took me 1/4 of the book to get involved then it hooked me good.  Shocking twists and turns once the book gets started.  This is not my normal reading but would read another of Gillian's books.
The beginning of the book grabs the reader. Then it goes flat at times, then picks up the twists and turns again.  I enjoyed the book but would not list it as a super read. Just a good read.
I like the way this book was written...from the viewpoint of both main characters; as I got into the book I thought I knew where it was going, so much to my surprise the two main characters  turned out to have personality issues that I didn't see coming...the book didn't end the way I wanted it too but then I didn't write it!
I have definitely found a new favorite author. Flynn is a true master. Both plot and characters are flawless. Looking forward to more from her.
Really? Work us up for a few hundred pages for THAT ending? In the last three weeks I've been lucky enough to read a handful of independent authors who won't get a sniff of the attention this book got, and yet every one of them was more enjoyable. This book goes on, and on, and on, with excruciating detail about every piece of minute garbage that might -- might, mind you -- be tied into the disappearance of the main character's wife. In the end, basic police procedure that would have solved the case in no time is ignored to come up with a contrived conclusion. So, so disappointing.
I knew nothing about the story and am so glad that I didn't. This was an entertaining story and I don't know why anyone would tear it apart.  It's really hard to put down and I was sad when it ended.  Hoping for a sequel! :)
My husband and various other friends told me I had to read Gone Girl, and they were right. I loved it - it was a brilliantly-crafted thriller that starts with a bang and carries on that way (although the ending isn't as good as the beginning) weaving in dark histories and a great sense of intrigue. Readers who like their thrillers laced with romance might also enjoyLOVER IN LAW.
My book club read this book and we liked it!! Some of the members did not like the switching back and forth of the characters' story telling chapters, but I liked the style. I thought the style was necessary to understand the conclusion of the book!
With over 2,000 reviews it's hard to add much new. Some love it, some hate it, but for me, Gillian's writing is worth reading for the prose alone. It sucks you in and keeps you there until the end, at which time you can decide if you liked the story or not. Regardless, she's a fantastic author and Gone Girl is worth a read.Poisoned Soil
I came to this novel from all the hype. There are no likeable characters here. The two main characters are flawed, deeply so, and although the novel is interesting, it's not involving.
I bought this book because it kept showing up on several reading lists.  My title says it all... these characters are twisted and flawed  and totally engrossing.  I could not put this book down because I wanted to see how it all turned out. Some parts were unbelievable and just did not like the fact that Amy came across like she was invincible and infallible.  Also left questioning whether one part of book was real or one of Amy's lies.  Like other reviewers, I totally hated the ending
Slow starting. Overall good story line. I personally did not care for the ending though...I found it disappointing. Like air let out of a balloon.
Did not like the ending. It leaves the reader hanging.The plot seems unresolved. I would not recommend this book.
This was our book club pick for April, and we all really enjoyed it. Most of us agreed it takes a while to pick up speed, so if you're feeling like that, don't give up. I suppose I watched too many (all) of the episodes of The Closer, so I correctly guessed &#34;whodunit,&#34; but that's a smaller part of the story than you would think! There were twists I didn't see coming despite being well trained by Brenda Leigh Johnson. (I think even she would have been surprised at all that occurs.) Our book club liked the way the story's narration switched back and forth from the husband's thoughts to Gone Girl's diary entries. This Gilian Flynn is one smart chick! I heard she self-published this book. I just did that with my own little book of humorous essays here on amazon, and if I could sell a third of the number Gone Girl has sold, I'd be gone girl, over-the-moon, hot-Krispy-Kremes-at-every-meal kinda happy! (It's titled &#34;Aging With Ungirdled Passion&#34; if you're looking for a fun beach read or girlfriend gift!) Anyhoo, Gone Girl has sold well for good reason!
Didn't hold my interest. I guess I didn't like her format. Also none of the characters was very sympathetic. Writing was competent, but if I'd looked at it  before buying, I wouldn have bought it.
Gone Girl held my attention with all the twists in the plot.  I didn't want to put the book down. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes suspenseful books.
This story has a twist and turn on every page; but I didn't like the ending. The characters are deeply developed and the dialogue is exceptionally good. The author is truly intelligent. Still a bit wordy at times.
Amy and Nick has pass any form of counsel. Simply love the turns and twist that the characters took. In the end they were made for each other.
I had to force myself to finish reading the book.  I really didnt like it and thought was outlandish.  Didnt care for the characters.  I only read it because of the ratings I saw on line.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.
Written in diary form, this is a gripping and suspenseful mystery from the perspective of two characters.  You will be totally engrossed by the surprising twists and turns. Your sympathies and problem solving skills will be put to the test. What were the motives behind the disappearance or is it a murder?  Enough said--a real page turner!
This is a very well written book about two rancid people, bothof whom are total phonies. It is a testament to the author's skillthat she has made such lowlifes interesting. A deep dive into crazy.Doubtless it will be a movieNick-Ryan GoslingAmy-  Amy AdamsMargo the sister- emma stoneDet. Boney  Clair DanesTanner Bolt the lawyer- John SlatteryNancy Grace playing herselfDesi- Esai MoralesSusan Scheiber- Maggie GylenhaalDesi's mother-Glenn CloseAmy's parent- Ted Danson and Mary Steenbergen
This was the first one of Flynn's books that i read. If you like surprises and twists in the plots, you'll love this one. Keeps you guessing to the end.
Gillian Flynn certainly knows how to weave the tapestry of a twisted tale! I couldn't put this down. Also, without spoilers, I couldn't decide which of the two I disliked more by the end of the story. You will have to read it for yourself.
It is certainly a different story line but very long and I had to keep reading to see how the author would finish the novel. It's quite clever how she put the novel together but it is a bit of an epic tale. For me its was a bit long and I found the characterst annoying and not very likeable. I concluded they deserved one another.
Gillian Flynn is a gifted and masterful suspense writer.  I enjoyed every twist and turn in the plot of Gone Girl.
First, the writing was very weak.  Author kept using paranthetical asides to either explain a reference or add a second thought of the character.  Really annoying.  Second, characters were very shallow and lacked development, none were likable.  Third, it was supposed to a mystery, but police portrayed as dim witted and there was very little suspense or clues to challenge the reader. Finally, the ending was completely unsatisfying when there were so many alternatives that the writer could have pursued.  Took it on a vacation.  If it wasn't on my Kindle, I would have left it at the hotel.
Did he, didn't he. Did she? Where is she? Keeps you wondering, keeps you going. Didn't want to put it down.
Enjoyed the suspense as this story unfolded. I also liked the nastiness of both the characters in the marriage and how they tried to justify their actions and behaviour.
This is a really good story. I hope no one as devious as the wife 'Amy' reads it, food for thought about the perfect crime. I really wanted her to be caught, it's a tease to have an open ended thriller I know, I just like closure. It's a personal thing.
After waiting and being on the waiting list for the Kindle version of this book, I am sorely disappointed.  Maybe it's just me or maybe one must be borderline psycho to really get into this book.  After about 150 pages, I wanted to just close it and say, &#34;good riddance&#34; until someone at the local library encouraged me to give it a little more time.  There were a few times, when it was a page turner, but it was short-lived.  The book seemed unrealistic and extremely far fetched,and the ending---a major deduction in my rating.
I had read many reviews about this book prior to reading it. As I went through the list, I saw many one-star reviews from people who hated the book and wanted their money back. I almost returned the book without reading it, but when I saw it on the New York Times best seller list for a long time, I wanted to give it a shot, and I am glad I did! I won't give the plot away in case you are reading this review prior to reading the book as I did. I will agree with other reviewers when they say that neither of the main characters are likeable. These are not two people you would want to be friends with, but you do get sucked into their warped marriage right from the beginning. The book does take many twists and turns, with some being unbelievable, but I can't help but feel that there are people in this world that would live out this story. Not everyone is a perfect member of society and Nick and Amy are an example of that. When I finished the book, I closed the cover thinking, "You know what, that could actually happen." I may be one of a few that actually enjoyed the ending of this novel. I feel that it was suiting given how the plot played out. This novel is a glimpse into a world not most of us would understand or participate in, however, surrounds us every day. I really enjoyed this novel and would recommend it. There is foul language and descriptions of sex scenes, but it didn't bother me. These are things we don't say, but always think. Open your mind and take a chance on this book; I don't think you will be disappointed.
I really looked forward to reading this book. After all it is all everyone talks about. How wonderful a writer Gillian Flynn is and the storyline, how it is full of surprises.Is there a different version of the book than the one I read? There were no surprises and the writing is just OK.When I think about a book after I have read it I always ask myself, &#34;Would you recommend this book to someone else?&#34; I honestly would have to say NO.I found the story premise OK but that was as far as I can take it. It was so predictable. I heard a movie was being made based on this book. Don't read the book, see the movie. You'll waste a lot less time and money.
WOW! This story blew me away. I thought it was a love story, but then it turned into a big horror story, and after awhile,  I didn't know what to think about the characters. Who was good, who was bad, who to like, who to trust, who to hate. Good book to discuss at your next book club reading. Lots to talk about here.
Incredible book, yo literally can't stop reading since page one!. Excellent story, and very unexpected!You've got to read it!!!!
The book definitely keeps you on the edge of your seat. Definitely worth reading. Loved the unique writing style used
I don't like spineless men and psycho women.  I like stories that end happy not anxiety. Should have done my research on this one.
...and I've read a ton of mysteries!  This is an incredibly written, fast paced mystery.  I liken it to a high class mystery/soap opera.  It's a fun read, and the character development is terrific.  I have given this book as a gift to many friends, and they all have enjoyed it.  I rarely reread mysteries, but this is one I will read again!
This is the first book by Gillian Flynn I've read, but I will most certainly be reading more by her. This is the kind of book you just can't put down. Every chapter's ending leaves you wanting to find out more. I pretty much devoured this book. I don't want to get into it too much because this is one of those books where the less you know, the better. All I will say is, the book is written in 3 parts, and switches point of views between the two main characters-Nick and Amy. Husband and wife. To know more about their relationship would be to ruin this book. One day, Amy goes missing, and from then on it's a page-turner. Every chapter is a mystery that demands to be unraveled.Flynn is an amazing story-teller. This book would be lifeless and clich&eacute; if she wasn't so prepared, so precise. Like a great action film, she had me pretty much on edge the whole time. Is this book perfect? No. I can nitpick things here or there, and most would do the same, especially with the ending. I'm not going to because, it wasn't what I was expecting. It made me mad, irritated, but not in a bad way. This won't make sense except to those who have read the book. It's just so different, and I love things that are not ordinary. This book could have had a different ending, and it could have been boring. Or predictable. This book is neither of those things. I must say, less than half-way through this book I sort of had it figured out. Too many clues were given, but even then, it didn't lessen my enjoyment. In fact, I was intrigued further by the turn of events.Side note: I noticed a review stating he/she thought the point-of-views to be confusing. Really? You can't distinguish between 2 different timelines??  I had to laugh at that one.I urge people to read Gone Girl. It is a quick, twisty and well-written book that won't dissapoint.
I like mysteries, but love the ones witha lighter twist - not grisley.  This fit the bill. Very engaging, but witha fun though predictable twist.  I liked it.
A very clever novel. Parallel narratives of a twisted marriage that tie together in an amazing conclusion.Well worth a read.
This is such a well written page-turning or Kindle-clicking story. It is so good with  twists and turns and then in the last third it starts getting convoluted. And then, unfortunately, the ending is  a letdown and makes no sense to me.
The writing was good and I understand why so many people like it but I just didn't care about any of the characters.  I couldn't wait for the book to end after just the first few chapters.
Friends had been reading this and it is listed as a best seller.  Why, I don't know.  It is a tale of 2 sadistic people and it never gets better and it never ends.
Love the twists and turns.  Lost me a bit at the end because I wasn't sure how true it ran but a great entertaining read!
although i craved a different ending, i suppose its the only way it could go in a real world, so bravo for Flynn
Wow talk about a thriller! I had heard so much about this book so I'm glad that it didn't fail to disappoint. It was a great read and I couldn't put it down. Can't wait for the movie.
Gone Girl is an engaging story written in an interesting format. The author did a good job planting seeds of doubt without revealing the big picture right away. For a realistic fiction novel of mystery there are a few holes and the necessity to temporarily suspend disbelief. I also would have liked to see a few loose ends tied up to satisfy my need for closure.
This was a book that really kept me reading, a true page-turner!I will try and be obtuse as it will be difficult for me to give a review without revealing the twists and turns that this novel has in abundance.A chess match till check mate. What depraved individuals! Can this really happen? Most definitely not! But it was great edge-of-your-seat reading.Looking forward to a movie.
Gillian Flynn impressed me as a good writer - the suspense in this book was awsome.  The characters were interesting, tho difficult for me to believe the entire premise - that people could act, and react, in such a manner.  I will read one more of Ms. Flynn's books, just to see if she comes up with more unbelievable episodes. Incidentally, I hated the ending of Gone Girl!  Perhaps that is what the writer wanted...if so, she achieved it in me.
A good mystery, again with plot twists and an ending that you would not expect. The characters are like chameleons
It was ok.  I read it because it had so many 5 stars, was a little surprised by that.  It took me quite a while to even get into it.
The ending was soooo disappointing. It was as if you we're blowing up a balloon, and by the time you reached the perfect plump size, the climax, someone comes over with a needle and pops it. Simple analogy, but exactly what happen. I couldn't enjoy the book for what it was, or had been, after I reached the end.
I was excited to read this book due to all of the publicity it has received.  Even after the first few chapters, I hung in there because I KNEW it had to get better.  It didn't.  Part of this is due to a personal preference.  I really want to root for at least one of the main characters.  However, both of the main characters are horrible people who get involved in a clever, but overly-complicated, plot and the book fails to come to any satisfying conclusion.  I'm giving it two stars simply because I finished it (audio version).  If I were reading a hard copy, I probably would not have been able to reach the end.
Nick and Amy Dunne were once the perfect couple.  He was a writer at a magazine.  She wrote quizzes for magazines, the sort that gauge one's personality type.  Then they were both laid off, her parents' series of "Amazing Amy" books (based on their daughter, an only child) began failing, and his mother fell ill.  So they moved from New York to North Carthage, Missouri, near his hometown of Hannibal, and with his wife's remaining money and his twin sister Margo, Nick opened a bar.It is the morning of Nick and Amy's fifth wedding anniversary, but all is not well.  Amy is unhappy about having moved from New York and her diary entries reflect her dissatisfaction with her life.  On that morning, Amy disappears, and Nick descends into a whirlwind of lies and puzzling behavior.  Where is she?  Why was the scene at his home staged?  Is he a killer?The story of her disappearance and Nick trying to convince the public he's not a killer takes up the first third or so of the book.  The rest, well, I can't really talk about lest I give away some spoilers.  I can only say that not everything is as it seems, and the book has more twists than any I have read.  It also has some of the least likable characters I've ever encountered in fiction.Still, the book held me, and I look forward to reading more of Gillian Flynn's books.I will say that none of these characters are particularly likable.
Very well written, I was on the edge of my seat. The ending was satisfying, though I hoped for more, I was satisfied.
Personally it was a waste of time for me.  I don't like the style nor the plot.  I found myself skipping pages of meaningless words and sayings.
Unless this novel gets better I'll never finish it.  On top of it's lack of immediate interest my Kindle touch 3C decides not to hold my place.  While reading this week it suddenly jumped back close to the first of the book.  When I tried to &#34;Go To&#34; it just wouldn't move.  That in itself is exhasperating!
Gillian Flynn is definately owed some props on this book.  What's funny is i kept looking at her picture trying to figure out how she could come up with this plot, she just doesnt look the part.(Stephen King)  I must say i was shocked at the ending, i never saw it coming.  i like to think im a mystery wizard so i had it all worked out and i was so wrong but i dont feel like i was played, just really suprised at the twist and turn of events.  i also usually hate books that go back and forth, usually something gets lost, but not here. it was an excellent read.  i will keep this book on my shelf to re-read at later time, this is no goodwill donation.
I liked it but still unsure about it. This was the first book I read after reading 50 Shades so I didn't love this couple nearly as much as I loved Christian and Ana. That said it was a good read to pass the time but I didn't think much about it after I was done.
I began reading this book because of all the hype and I was instantly hooked. This woman can write! I stayed up all night reading about Amy and her husband Nick who is the prime suspect in her disappearance. I gave it four stars for the beginning and middle of the book. The ending was disappointing. &#34;That was it!&#34; I thought. I kept scrolling to see if there were pages missing. I had many scenarios envisioned for how this book would end and normally I like it when the author comes up with something unimaginable but this just seemed like she settled. I didn't predict the ending cause it was so blah. I didn't feel like the one star reviewers as if I wasted my time because of the ending. The book is very entertaining and worth checking out from the library, overdrive, or kindle. It's not the kind of book I'd read over and over again (I tend to do that with my faves) but its still worth a read.
I think Gillian Flynn is super-smart and talented, but this book was not my cup of tea.A few pluses: it's very well written, with a high level of complexity that I respect and admire, and the author has a dry, ironic sense of humor that comes through occasionally.The minuses reflect my personal preference. First, if I don't like the main characters, I don't enjoy the book -- and I did not like the main characters! I also don't like an unreliable narrator. It's a technique that grates on my nerves. And without using spoilers, I'll just say that the beginning of the book definitely uses that technique.Finally, I found the ending to be very frustrating. I forced myself to finish the book even though I wasn't enjoying it because several friends had recommended it and assured me that "it gets better." After investing my time, I was hoping to get some satisfaction out of the final outcome, but I was disappointed.
I had such fun reading this book!The plot is genius, the characters are complex, the wit is sharp and original.I cheered mostly for Nick, but toward the end started to cheer as well for Amy (during her trouble with the mountain folks.)There were a few things that I had to suspend disbelief for, but that is a small sticking point for such an overall powerhouse of a novel.By the last several chapters, I was breathless. While still engaged in the narrative, I found that I just wanted it to end! I felt worn out by the twists and turns and tension. The end was disturbing, but at the same time it was PERFECT !!I enthusiastically assign 5 full stars for this exciting adventure into madness.
Twists and turns I didn't guess ahead of time.  Interesting story and well written.  Having it on Kindle is a definte plus.
I am not liking the language used in this book.... not sure I will finish it.  I have heard so many good reviews on it...but not sure I will get through it.
Took me a while to get into this book, but once I did I couldn't put it down. Lots of great twists and turns.
It didn't hold my attention at all. I kept putting it down and forgetting what I had last read. Didn't finish it and wouldn't try to go back to it at all.
It was a little to raw & graphic for me however, it did have a good story line. It kept me reading to the end!!
I haven't finished the book yet but I can't wait to see the conclusion.  I won't spoil the story for you.  It is not a who done it but there is a mystery involved.  One of the best reads in a long timr.
The novel is well written from a first person perspective and two people's views.  It was an enjoyable read, a bit unrealistic and left me feeling a bit disillusioned when I finished it. If you are a sceptic you may find it unbelievable, but at least the storyline was compelling.
Great, great great read. Until the end. I'm left wondering if Gillian Flynn suddenly became bored with her writing project and decided to wrap it up, real quick like. The entire book deserves five stars... Until the final few chapters: Which deserve none. Utterly anti climatic.
I really enjoyed this book until the last quarter of it.  It was an interesting format switching back and forth between Nick's and Amy's view points.  It really built, but was such a let down at the end.**SPOILER ALERT**Once Amy is robbed by the thieves in the cabin it just seemed so unbelievable.  It was as if the author got stuck at that point and wasn't sure what else to do with her.  I could have accepted the direction she was going once Desi hid her away at the Lake House if the twist had been that Desi DID keep her a prisoner for the rest of her life giving her her just desserts.  But, having her just show up at home with an outlandish story that the police never really seemed to investigate (other than checking his trunk), come on.  One is given hope when Nick and Go continue to meet and work with Boney, that answers will be found and Amy will be taught her lesson in the end.  Instead, however, we get a wasted section on Nick writing a book about his side of the story only to have him delete it when Amy holds her pregnancy over his head.  He basically just tucks his tail between his legs and lets her win in the end.  Ugh!
I need more than 5 stars and a better word than "brilliant."This book sucked me in and held me to a point where sometimes it was hard to take, but I still couldn't shake loose of it.  I woke up in the middle of the NIGHT needing to read this book!  And yet, there wasn't a single likable character.  Unbelievable!However, there IS no "happily ever after," no resolution that will make you feel good.  Fortunately, I don't need that, just good writing.Ms. Flynn's observation into human nature and the nature of relationships is biting, true, and really painful.  The planning that must have gone into all the plot twists leaves me in awe.I will be thinking about this one for a while.  I look forward to reading her other books, but I think I need to recuperate from this one first!!Bravo, Ms. Flynn!
This will make a fantastic movie. I would give it 5 stars for intrigue and not knowing what will happen next. I would definitely recommend it. The ending was a bit of a let down, but not enough to keep me from recommending it as a fantastic read.
It took me awhile to get into this book but by the time I did I just couldn't put it down. (I bought the audio in addition to the book and really liked hearing the voices of the characters.)  Towards the end I kept wondering how the author would wrap it up - ie. Would they kill each other, leave each other, would Amy go to jail (I didn't think Nick would).  But it fell flat as it didn't end at all.  I kept looking for the next chapter.  Don't know why the author decided to end this way.  -- as far as the foul language, is that how the younger generation talks now?
Heard all the hoopla about this great book. It was indeed a good, absorbing read about a guy who is suspected of killing his wife. LONG, involved (too much at times) story told from the missing wife's perspective. I must say the ending was not what I expected.  Good read.
The format is a bit confusing at first and then it just kind of dragged on.  There were a few interesting twists & turns but if I had a choice I probably wouldn't have read it.  That's my personal opinion.
Did not like either of the main characters, would not read or buy a followup book if written and would not recommend this book to anyone I know.  It just went on and on, and while the wife's story was very sinister and conniving it was well thought out and amazing.  It wasn't enough to carry the book to a disappointing end.
I'm really not much for book clubs.  I tend to like the darker books.  Books not typically chosen in book clubs.  When this was chosen, I actually thought it sounded a bit interesting.  It really was.  The chapters go back and forth between characters.  Those always suck me in.  You really like where one character is heading, know you should be shutting off the lights and going to sleep, yet you plow through three more chapters to find out where this character went next.  While I am no longer in the book club, I'm glad I read this one while I still was!
Gillian Flynn spins a good tale -- one that I enjoyed around a pool on Isla Mujeres. I highly recommend.
It's been a while since I read a book I could no put down. Well paced,plot twists,interesting characters( who you may not always like) make for a page turner. Go get this book now.
A page turner. Gripping.Ended unexpectedly. But, the reader could imagine any direction.Either gender would enjoy.I highly recommend.
Clever. Clever. Clever. Twists and turns and nonputdownable. I was looking for a good read and I got it. I couldn't wait to see what was going to happen in this book. Highly recommended.
I had zero idea of what this book was about.  All I knew was that I was seeing the title EVERYWHERE, and for me, that means I need to read it.I sat huddled over this massive book, back bent, on and off for nearly a week.  After my free time for three days had been eaten up by the book, it felt weighty and a little confusing.  It was too much.  So I put it aside for a few days.  Then I picked it back up.I kept yelling out theories to my disinterested husband.  "I'm telling you this now so when I'm right, I can have it confirmed!" I said about four times.  I am usually really good at guessing secret twists.My first theory was right.  But as the book went on and kept taking twists and turns, I second guessed myself.What I could not have guessed was the ending.  What a horrific, confusing and dissatisfying end to such an investment of time and emotion.  I couldn't stand one single main character and their decisions baffled and angered me.  It seemed like a rushed ending that had been submitted to meet a deadline.Overall, the characters felt real and the writing was good.
Amazing book - I'm a wimp with suspense however it was not scary just fascinating, fast paced & keeps you guessing!  Clever - looking forward to seeing the movie!
Was a little slow for me in the beginning but picked up speed the further I got into it.  Extremely good planning on the villainous character. Many twists because this person was so conniving and sly....truly evil.  Only thing I didn't like was the ending which didn't do it for me at all. I was disappointed that this bad seed did not truly get "what goes around comes around".
What a gem this book is! This was the first book I read by her and I absolutely loved it. I have recommended it to many people. It is going to be made into a movie and I look forward to seeing it. I loved the back and forth storytelling and the way the two parts merged at the end. Quite possibly my favorite book of 2012.
I love this book -- listened on Audible during two days on the couch with a summer cold and I couldn't stop listening even when I was desperate for sleep.  A fantastic book but the ending...it just kills you.  That being said, amazingly written, wonderfully plotted, and genuinely surprising but fair as a mystery - you guess the next plot twist just a second before it is revealed so you don't feel cheated.  You will definitely want to discuss it with someone after you are finished
This was very well written. I did not want to put this book down and think I read it within a day or two. Just when you think you have the story figured out, it's the complete opposite. Loved it!
I purchased Gone Girl as an e-book for my Kindle.  It started out as a captivating page turner for the first two thirds of the book, and then turned into an unlikely, unbelievably bad ending.  I felt like I been had--made a fool of for reading it, for spending time and money on all that trash talking and stupid ending.  I certainly will not waste time or money reading anything else by Gillian Flynn.
Believable characters, one minute you hate Nick, the next you realize Amy is truly crazy and the end blew me away.
This book consumed me! I didn't want to do anything else! I hope the movie does this book justice. A fantastic read and I definitely recommend!!!
At last, an unpredictable story line! This book held my interest 'til the very end. Well written and intelligently planned out. This is a great read.
Yes, I am baffled. What on earth makes this book a best seller? I found the book to be bland, actually halfway between bland and BLAND.  The writing style has the feel of... &#34;it was a good tele-movie, so lets re-produce it into a book format&#34;.  The characters are empty, they have no warmth and are entirely one dimensional, purely created for the short few weeks that they are need in this plot. Just a bunch of typical CSI/SVU-like scenes strung together.The plot/twist is unique, and credit to the author for stringing all together in the 'he said - she said' format. that works well.Unfortunately not my taste, maybe it stands out in the crime fiction genre, but so what.  I'm glad I purchased it in the kindle format, it is not a book you would call a collectable and display on the shelf.
Wow! Dark, edgy, and intense, Gone Girl isn't so much a book to read as it is a roller coaster ride to experience. It opens on the fifth wedding anniversary of Nick and Amy Dunne. And before any celebrations can be had, Amy is discovered to be gone. And thus, the roller coaster begins.Beyond the suspenseful plot and the journey of emotions is a critical look at relationships. Flynn makes keen observations about the push and pull, the give and take of relationships. And anyone who has been in a committed relationship will see the reflections of their own experiences. Sure, the knee-jerk reaction will be to say, "I'm nothing like them," and to distance yourself as far as possible. But for those who can stand it, looking into those tiny mirrors is what makes reading this book really worthwhile.Evocative, chilling, and efficient, the writing in this book is excellent. The author doesn't need to string together an excess of pretty words for it to have impact. Her descriptions are clear, sharp, and to the point. In addition to the efficient wording, the author alternates the narrative voice between Nick and Amy with distinction and ease.For me, I rate the first half of the book 4 stars, and the last half 5 stars. The first half is interesting enough to keep the pages turning, but the second half is where the author really shines. The ending is intense. I'm not sure if I've ever read something so intense. Crazy. Insane. Powerful. Like watching a massive train wreck that leaves you heartbroken for the suffering, wide-eyed in fascination, and slightly terrorized too.One word of caution. This book isn't for the faint of heart. It's not a feel good novel.
I finished the book though I think it's been way over rated in many reviews I've read.  It's good, yeah, but I still would hesitate to say it's a must read.
wonderful book keeps you guessing for a long while and than still does it till the end. loved it. have just purchased her other two books can't wait for them to arrive.
I'm really in awe of miz Gillian Flynn. I look for everything of hers I can find. Her voice is quite fetching and so different each time.
This has to be the worst book I've read in years.SPOILER ALERT:I simply can't understand how a female author can write about a woman FAKING rape. This book is disgusting, with no sympathetic characters and the worst ending.  Totally unbelievable. Just because it's a NYT best seller does not mean it's worth reading. Spare yourself.  I wish I had been warned.
A very unique storyline.  Took me a bit to get into it, but when I did it was hard to put down.
My sister recommended this book to me & I am so glad she did.  The book is well written & full of twists & turns I did not see coming.  I have read MANY crime,suspense & mystery novels and I usually have it figured out half way through.  Not with this book.  It is a quick easy read that keeps you engaged.
My book club selected this book (I hear the author cheering) and it made for an excellent discussion since so many of us have known the characters in the book (no spoilers here, but read it and you'll know what I mean).  I literally HAD to read just past the midpoint without stopping.  I finished the second half the next day.
I cannot deny my appreciation for this brilliantly crafted tale. The alternating perspectives - Nick's in the present and Amy's ascending chronological diary entries kept me fully engrossed. I can't recall being this equally discomposed by the main characters in any previously read novel - Amy and Nick may have outwardly appeared to be fairly regular people, but reading their respective psychotic and narcissistic thoughts was very discomforting! I thought the author's use of parenthetically descriptive phrases and insertion of quizzes into Amy's diary entries was ingenious. I'm a reader who seeks out books with promising endings. Even though I felt hopelessness and bitterness were the prevailing emotions in Gone Girl, and the ending was quite unsettling I shall not regret my discovery of this very gifted author.Read: 08/14/2012
Excellent and exciting...you never would guess the ending which makes it interesting.  This book is a fun and captivating 'read'.
I really liked the author's writing skill.  The ending was sad but probably the only outcome option based on the personalities of the characters.  It held my attention until the end.
I enjoyed this story right from the start.  It's one of those books that has a twist right at the end.  Must read!!!
Amazing story. Surprise twists. Unexpected ending.  Believable, characters with deep flaws character. Must go read more books by Gillian Flynn
Not for someone looking for a peaceful heart!! The story is great, the characters fascinating but the psychological tension makes me wish I had chosen something else for my exploration read! Still, gives me something trendy to talk about. So if you want something trendy, check it out.
A slow start but the author made up for that later.Wonderful tricks played on the reader  and the ending was superbly creepy.Bad guy and girl finished last....justice was served!
Very extreme ,unpredictable,her, best book of  the 3.Can't believe the  extreme imagination of this author and the lenghths she goes to shock the reader.truly a psychological suspense novel,,not for the faint at heart!
A Book Review - Gone Girl by Gillian FlynnGone Girl is the break out novel by Gillian Flynn that has received a significant amount of press and adulation since it was published last summer.  Gone Girl is what I term "mind candy", a novel of suspense that also causes one to suspend all concept of reality.Gone Girl is written in three parts and attempts to portray the dark side of human nature in the psychological dysfunction of marital relationship after the wife disappears on the couple's fifth wedding anniversary.Amy Elliott and Nick Dunn met, courted and married in New York City. Amy came from a background of privilege and some notoriety as her parents had authored a series of books about "Amazing Amy", which chronicled an idealized Amy through her childhood and school years.  Nick grew up the only son of a middle class family in Middle America.After Amy disappears, suspicion falls on Nick, because as the husband, he is the most likely suspect.This was a quick read and I found the first half of the book to be a suspenseful page-turner.  I like Ms. Flynn's writing style. It flows well and I plan to read one of her earlier novels. However, none of the characters in this book are appealing. None are likeable. I felt no empathy for any of the persons portrayed.By the time I was into the second half of the book, I predicted where the narrative was going and it lost me. While it was clever and clear that Ms. Flynn had conducted some research on sociopathic personalities, the story became too contrived, too convoluted, well beyond the most outrageous headlines of tabloid news. (except maybe "Batboy").  I've worked in insurance claims for more than 30 years and have seen a lot of things that one just could not make up. But, Gone Girl left me shaking my head.
Read it to find out. I loved this read. I enjoyed the style the book was written in, and the characters themselves were written so real. A great suspenseful novel!
But not great.  The layout of the story was the best part, butI didn't like the writing, Short and choppy.
I enjoyed the book and found it interesting, but my prevailing thought throughout was that it was written to become a movie screen play.  Guess what?
This book is one of those that is hard to put down.  In the beginning, it seems like a story cut out of the headlines, but then comes the twist!  It is an interesting tale of how difficult it is to really know someone and how lives become so entangled.
This was my first Gillian Flynn novel - loved it!  Thrilling, tense, intelligent, funny, complex, intense - can't wait to read more of her novels.
I could not put this book down! This book has it all - chick lit, mystery, relationship issues, plot twists, character development, etc. Great writer.Yes, the end is.... weird. I'm not sure what I expected (Amy dying a horrible death perhaps). There was no end. It just WAS. It leaves us to wonder what happens - does she have the baby? does she love it? does Nick? is the baby going to be crazy? do they live happily ever after? does anyone ever figure out what Amy did? I'm still wondering. Good job author!
It was ok.  Interesting but I didn't love it - felt like it was broken in half to a fault.
In the beginning, it was boring.  Couldn't understand where the great reviews were coming from.  I rarely finish a book that doesn't grab me instantly.  But I decided given those reviews, to stick it out.  Midway, I was hooked.  Very intense, complex, and very, very good.  Only to have it completely and totally fizzle out in the end.  I was left with an overall feeling of dissatisfaction. I had planned on reading her other books, but now I am not sure I want to bother.This book is like a race car.  Started up slowly, built up steam to an incredible level and blew up before it got to the finish line.
I could not get interested in the people in this one.  I guess I don't remember very much about it.
Didn't want to put it down!  The plot did not go the way I thought and that was good because I can sometimes figure the ending out.
Imagine spending several hours with two unlikable people with very few if any redeeming qualities--it's in this book. Add to this every stereotype you have ever heard about New Yorkers versus those bumpkins that live in the Mid West--it's in this book.  Toss in a whole lot of misogynistic ramblings with every female pretty much being a psycho, controlling bitch and the men helpless momma's boy patsies--it's in this book. Play out every cliche about bumbling incompetent cops and the brilliant, non mistake making criminal--it's in this book. And have it all culminate in one of the worse most unsatisfying endings--it's in this book.  If that's your idea of a good time, then maybe you'd love this book.  While this is not the worse thing I've read, it certainly felt like a complete waste of time by the time I got to the end.
This book is for someone who likes twisted, preposterous plots and who doesn't mind graphic language.  I read it because I had friends who loved it, but it was not for me.
I just don't like any of the people in it. She's a needy manipulator and he's a spoiled self absorbed twit. I can't really care about them or anything that happens. Waste of time in my opinion.UPDATE - OK, I finished it and gave it one more star. It is a strange story, and the ending is still in question. I still don't like any of the people in it - except maybe the twin sister.
This book is so good...stay awake all night, hide from your kids so you can read during the day good. Until the end. The end leaves you feeling like a fool as you scramble for more...there must be another page...there must be MORE. But there isn't more. It's one of those stories that after hundreds of pages of waiting to find out what happens it just ends. It's more than not having closure or not having justice. There's just not an ending! It's like being cut off mid-sentence during a phone conversation. But you can't call back! Grrrrrr!
This was the best book I have read in a long time.  I keep finding myself measuring other books to it, and they all fall short.  Kept me going, hard to put down.
Read this in a day and a half - couldn't put it down. Maybe not fine literature but did some fun rearranging of noir/femme fatale tropes.
Definitely lived up to the hype for me. Loved how this story explores marriage. The twists and turns and twists will have you spinning - like being on those fun wild carnival rides.
The book started a little slow and took a couple chapters to get into. Once you did, it was hard to put down. The end left you hanging without a definite conclusion, which was frustrating for me but some may appreciate. Overall, a good read!
I will admit this book held my interest. But it is definitely NOT a feel-good read. It's really a FEEL-BAD read. Terrible ending. No forgiveness nor redemption in this book. Don't read this if you have even a tiny tendency toward depression.
This was a really good book. The end is something you would not expect! Not a spoiler alert. Well written.
What happens when the boy/girl next door wakes up to realize he/she is married to a psychopath? That is the basic premise of this hard-to-put-down mystery novel. The twist is that for a great part of this book we don't know which one is the psychopath and which is the b/g next door. This feat is accomplished by the device of the double narrator; Nick Dunne (hubby) and Amy Elliott Dunne (wife) alternate telling their stories, Nick as a straight first-person narrative, Amy in the form of a diary. Can either be trusted? Which one?The device is very clever, and Gillian Flynn is a deft writer with a sound ear, but not genius. I wish that Flynn had taken her plot to the next level. Mid way through the book an important source of the ambiguity (the degree to which the diary can be trusted) is resolved, and for me the book started to feel more pedestrian after this point. I think that the ambiguity could have been maintained longer, perhaps for the whole novel, by extending rather than tidying up the questions raised by the narrative form. (For example, I thought at one point the diary might be a concoction of Nick's. That would have been cool!) And I was fascinated by the fact that Nick has a female twin (with the provocative name, especially given the title of this book, of "Go"). But the plot takes a predictable turn, nothing is really done with its tantalizing complexities, and the characters sort themselves out into familiar patterns. Readers who like clear resolution will be pleased.This book indeed is satisfying in so many ways, which is why it was such a bestseller (today, seven months after its release it is still #7 on amazon's top-selling books). I liked it enough to put one of Flynn's other novel's on my Kindle. I didn't buy a hard copy though.
This is one of the most well thought out plots I've read in a long time.  Just when you think you have things figured out, a new surprize!  This book will have you guessing until the end.
Spoiler alertAmy is the biggest twitch I have come across in a book in a very long time.She uses, abuses and is a true psychopath being the poster child of dysfunctional in any DSMIV in the world.The time she takes, the trouble she goes to, the extent of her hate.  I loved it all.The reason I loved it is due to the fact that this is NOT a perfect woman.  She takes on role's - The Daughter.The Wife.  The Friend etc but she is none of these.  She is a selfish self absorbed twit.  One I really hoped would bite the dust.The ending was both brilliant as well as deeply disturbing.A brilliant book indeed and one I am very glad a friend pushed me to read.WaAr
I read the pre-publication reviews of "Gone Girl" and couldn't wait to read it.  After reading it, I must say it is extremely well crafted and written.  It keeps you guessing througout as to what is going on.  I thought I had it all figured out, and I did have what happened to the wife figured, but wasn't even close to knowing what was behind everything.This is a book that will stay with you for a long time.  It is, frankly, disturbing to a degree that you will ponder it for some time after finishing it.  Very difficult to put down but the longer you read, the more disturbed you become.The only weakness, in my view, was the conclusion.  I found all of it in the realm of possiblity, until the end.  Then I lost my connection to it as a mystery that could happen.  Up to that point I believed it.  That is the reason for four stars instead of five.  I just couldn't buy the ending.
Truly a page turning.  This book will be coming to the screen in the fall.  I would highly recommend it if you like suspense/mysteries.
Like some others before have mentioned, Ms. Flynn runs out of "steam" and plot twists three-quarters of the way through the book. By the time the end is in sight, we are simply annoyed at having been taken for a ride. Furthermore, her characters appear to have virtually no redeeming qualities, only vicious antisocial ones.  This book was a real waste of her [considerable] writing talent.
Intriguing and thrilling and captivating page turner.  A  Must Read. I Definitely recommend this book to anyone who can read english.
Enjoyed from start to finish.  Went along smoothly, then bang, the unexpected twist.  This book has it all, suspense, humor, and human~Ness.  Great read.
Yes I am male and over 70 so I should have been more choosey with my selection.I read it all fairly quickly. Not really me.
Be prepared to put aside whatever else you have to do when you pick up this book.  This well-written page turner keeps you hooked throughout the reading, and pondering the conculsion for weeks after you read the last page.  A great read that left me wanting to read more books by this author, and the electronic edition let me do just that with samples of two other Gillian Flynn books incuded. You will recommend this book to your friends.
Bought this book based on reviews and the fact that true crime books/shows are something of a guilty pleasure of mine.  I was expecting a twisty whodunit/procedural, but this is more a combo of satire and psychological horror. Don't want to give away spoilers, but the 2nd half of the book veers completely away from the first, and you are then aware of exactly who the main character is (frankly, I found the second half less enjoyable due to the increasing focus on this character).  There are plenty of darkly humorous digs at modern celebrity and the American "justice" system that really hit the mark. As this was written by a former reviewer for Entertainment Weekly, allusions to pop culture are peppered throughout, particularly film noir and Hitchcock movies.  You may enjoy these references if you're a fan, as I am.If I were to rate the first 3/4 of the book, I'd give it 4 stars, but the ending was pretty much what I'd been expecting the last 20 pages--just drawn out and somewhat disappointing.  I wish the book had stayed a bit more grounded in reality instead of creating a monster that could never possibly exist (as opposed to the media types and lawyers in the book, who seem all the more terrifying because of their basis in reality).Also, the profanity did seem excessive, in particular the derogatory language directed toward women.  Wish modern authors realized that it's really more effective using certain words selectively.  You don't really need to use the same terms over and over and over to portray characters' inner angst or nastiness.My overall rating would be 3 1/2 stars.
Any good mystery involves surprises.  Flynn not only moves in unexpected directions, but describes characters about whom you care increasingly, for good or ill, about the directions that the plot turns.  Excellent plotting and development.
So many quriky turns and discoveries.  Never knowing who's &#34;the bad guy&#34; or who's the &#34;good guy&#34;? The only time I put it down is when the Kindle battery ran out...A novel for those who think they know it all...surprise... does the good guy come in last?
I'll make this short:The author is a very talented woman. I wouldn't mind reading another of her works. But there are some things that keep me from giving it five stars. First she doesn't play fair. It's a murder mystery for god's sake. The author is not supposed to lie to her readers, but she does for a large part of the book. Second, there ought to be some characters that the reader cares about. By the end I didn't really care who got killed, with the possible exception of Boney, the female cop.As for what fundamental truths one can find in this book, there is only one: if you marry someone much smarter than yourself, you will never get bored. You may grow to hate her, however.
The 'did he?' 'did she?' questions don't stop until the last page of this unlikely thriller.  I say  'unlikely' only because it starts out as a very average-feeling tale of the Oprah's Book Club type ... but there's a reason for that!Amy and Nick have recently moved to Carthage, Missouri from New York.  The downturn in their careers is followed by a dissatisfaction with each other, and then Amy goes missing!  I'll say no more about the plot except that it kept me guessing.
Want to read more novels written by this author. Very suspenseful --loved the story line and how you were hooked right away. I found that I didn't want to put this book down.
As usual, I am late to the party. As a rule, I don't like to watch what everyone else is watching, or read what everyone else is reading. But this book has been in the back of my mind to read ever since I read (or heard) that it was a great book. And it is indeed a great book. Great writing. Great plot. Great twists and turns. My only complaint is that it just went on and on. Maybe a little too much. But it is a great book, no doubt. Hooks you like a fish and keeps you squirming until you get to the end. Well done Ms Flynn!
Twist on the classic 21st century tale of horrible husbands who dispatch pesky, perky, perfect wives and want us to believe in their good-guydom. Brilliant!
Wow! Another great novel, that kept me turning the pages, by Gillian Flynn.Dark, twisted and utterly enjoyable.On the morning of Nick and Amy's 5th wedding anniversary Amy disappears leaving signs of foul play. All signs point to Nick as being the number one suspect, or do they? The story is told in alternating chapters, one being through Nick's narrative and the other through Amy's diary.With so many twists and turns throughout the story I found my sympathies constantly changing. I was satisfied with the ending and found the last paragraph to be brilliant.
For me the book didn't get good until mid-point. There were many twists & turns but I was disappointed with the ending.
Very well written - I had to read to the end but it seemed to be about two people both with &#34;issues&#34;.  It left a nasty taste in my mouth.
I read a lot of mysteries, but "Gone Girl" took a new twist.  It told the story from both protagonist's view, allowing you to get into the minds of both the husband and the wife.  The author put a lot of time into delving into the two personalities. By the end of the story though impressive layout, I was a little frightened of the mind of the author. It was a slow start, but it quickened in the middle, and at the end, I could not put it down until finished.
With all the twists and turns, I just had to keep reading to see what happens!
Gillian Flynn's style of writing is enthralling.  The transitions between characters are natural and easy to follow.  The plot keeps thickening and I didn't want to put the book down.  As soon as I finished I had to read her first novel, Dark Places - excellent.
I really liked the mystery and suspense in this book.  Not thrilled with the ending but I would read it again and definatly recommend it.
3 friends recommended this book, but I gave up 11% of the way through and skipped to see how it ended. Really glad that I didn't waste my time on it. Bitter and unhappy people trapped together in marriage. No thanks. There are so many good reads out there but this isn't one of them.
I will say this: Gillian Flynn is a fantastic writer.  Gone Girl kept me reading to the very end, where I was left hanging with my mouth wide open.  This is it?  Are you kidding me?  This is the end of a story I spent the last couple weeks making time for?  The ending was absolutely horrible and so disappointing! The writing was superb.  The story kept me reading.  But, the ending ruined it for me and I will not read another of her books because of this ending.  Sorry Gillian!  You need to write better endings for such awesome stories!
This book is really well written, very clever, and an intriguing page turner. However, I did not like it at all. The characters were written with plenty of description and depth but, I loathed them. They were shallow and self-serving people and I had no desire or care to know what happened to them. I like books where I can empathize with the characters, which is why I disliked this book. If it is not important to you to like the characters of the book, then you will probably enjoy this novel with it's intricate plot twists and unexpected ending.
This book was great it kept you guessing even when you thought you knew what was going to happen next! The only drawback to this book is that the ending was such a disappointment and so abrupt! I would have liked for this book to keep on going but the ending left me with so many questions. I would recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a good book to read.
Wow!! Even better than I had expected.  Lots of twists and turns. I hated for it to end. I'm recommending it to everyone I talk to.
This book has quite a few controversial reviews. I found it brilliant! The ending is perfect, if you look at the deeper meaning! The book was highly recommended to me, and at first I couldn't say why. But then, as they say, the plot thickened, and I couldn't put it down. Interesting read to say the least!
I was wandering thru Amazon's Book Dept looking for a new-to-me author and a book(s) that sounded like stellar reads.  To my great disappointment, I purchased Gone Girl.  At about half way thru, you pretty much know what the rest of the book will sound like - page after page after page of the author listening to herself talk in her head.  My head's screwed on pretty straight - I enjoy and benefit from "role model" stories - and the two lead characters, well, all the characters, as a matter of fact, are people you and I would not want to meet in a dark alley - let alone hang out with.  So, actually society's losers - definitely not "role models.  Why would I want to jump into the sewer?
Flynn's observations of married life on right on.  Keeps you reading to find out what happens and even at the end of the story we wonder.
The book is good because it is suspenceful but in a horror story way. It is about what goes wronge in a relationship. People who like suspence. There wasn't anything i disliked.
Ok...... not a favorite.  Didn't care for the way it was written. More like diary entries half way through. Easy to get lost who was who and where you were,  I had to refresh where I was by reading back several pages. GOOD detail on characters and places.  I did enjoy the story as it went on.I'm not sure I would recommend this as a good read but it was ok.l pages back when I went back to it'
Great characters, lovable and despicable in their villainy!I've sneaked every spare moment I could to find out what happens!
It was a pretty good book with interesting enough characters. Not sure the ending was done well, but a fun book to read.
This book was good and twisted...I didnt care for the ending but then I dont think it would of been a good book if predictable.
Torn between rating the book 3 or 4 stars.  If I could, I would give it a 3.5.  I read two books prior to this that declared in reviews that they were &#34;Gone Girl&#34; like.  I enjoyed both books and the unconventional plot, so I decided to finally read the book well known enough to allude to in other book reviews as if it summed up the plot.  I really did enjoy the book initially.  The first 50%, I thought I determined who the unreliable narrator was and how it was going to end.  Yes, I thought I was that smart.  I was wrong.  The book and certain characters threw me for a loop, a loop I ranger enjoyed and was waiting for the climatic ta-da ending. It never came.  It just ended and ended with a lot of disappointment on my end.  Anticlimactic ending.  The steam found in the first 75% of the book disappeared in the last 25%.
Good book that take you through a Taylor Swift range of emotions. There are no good guys here. You certainly won't be bored.
The writing was superb, although the book really didn't pull me in until I was halfway done. After a major plot twist I couldn't stop reading. I am definitely expecting a sequel or continuation of the story but if there's not one the book ended the best way it could. Skill level of writing was the best. Definitely not a book that can be figured out easily.
Love the book, the ending was shocking but still a great book! Wish there was a second book to read
For all the praise I had heard I had greater expectations for this novel. The plot was intriguing but I predicted several of the twists that were probably meant to surprise. I dislike the abrupt ending and it seemed to me that much more suspense and legal thrill could have been developed to make it better. Several of the key characters were shallow leaving me with bland attitude about the book as whole.
Such Machiavellian plotting and planning, so many twists and turns.  Far fetched,  but this book held my interest.
I know &#34;Gone Girl&#34; was on the bestseller list for months and I did read it with beginning enthusiasm.  There are numerous reviews of the story so I will not entertain that angle.  Somehow, the characters made my flesh crawl and I put the book down several times before going back to it.  I found the characters to be  unlikable , unbelievable and not worth the time I spent on them.  I really couldn't stand the ending.  I would not be inclined to read another of Flynn's books.
I have read a lot of psychological thrillers but this one takes the cake.  Amy Dunne takes it to a new level! I had never read a book by Gillian Flynn, and  I am looking forward to reading some of her other books.
I couldn't wait to read this book because everyone was raving about it.The beginning was dull, the middle was wtf?, the end was stupid.It was overly dramatic, extremely contrived and neither character was developedenough for me to be interested in them.  They should have both died at the end.Don't waste your time.
"Gone Girl" is a thrill ride of a story that introduces you to the married couple, Amy and Nick Dunn.  Living in NYC, they see their world deteriorate when they lose their jobs and coupled with Nick's parents health struggles, Mom with cancer and Dad with dementia, the burden starts to badly impact their relationship.  Amy is the spoiled child whose parents were successful publishers of a children's book series ostensibly based on her childhood.  They decide to move to the Midwest to be near Nick's parents which sets in motion the fast-paced and devilish heart of this novel.More than halfway through "Gone Girl", I couldn't stand either Nick or Amy.  Usually such lack of emotional attachment to a single character would spell doom for a book.  However, Flynn manages to make this work because of the wild ride she takes you on and the "psycho" nature of Amy.  Ordinarily you'd be left with some sympathy for Nick, but he is such a pathetic guy it isn't the case here.Many of the poor reviews pan the ending of this novel.  When I first finished the book, I had the same reaction.  After a couple of days, I came to the conclusion that it was the perfect ending for this book and something that only made sense giving the sinister nature of Amy and much of the rest of the story arc.  Ironically, it wasn't the ending that prevented me from giving this book 5 starts, but the fact that I found it preposterous to believe every little diabolical move could turn out perfectly.  This is a pure adrenaline ride and quite entertaining that I immediately downloaded Flynn's first two novels right after I finished the last sentence of "Gone Girl".  I can't wait to see what else her devious mind created.
Gone Girl: A Novelis very strong in the first 2/3 or so, then heads off into a preposterous ending. I felt stung after reading it. I don't recommend it to any readers except those who are most able to give their cognitive faculties into the hands of the author.
Gillian Flynn's third novel, Gone Girl, is an exquisitely twisted dissection of marriage, love, the malleability of identity, and the scourge of the media as it seeks to fuel a 24-hour news cycle. Flynn's structure and pacing are nothing short of genius as she parcels out the bits and pieces of the lives of her husband and wife protagonists through alternating first person chapters. Her prose is beyond perfection and magnificently displays the characters' personalities, pulling the reader into their relationship with all its ups and downs. There are turns in this novel that, to reveal here, would be absolutely criminal. Bottom line: Read This Book.
The plot didn't really grip me until about halfway through. It was a long setup, but worth it. However, the prose is so good that you never get bored. Flynn doesn't an excellent job distinguishing the voices of her two main characters (I dare not call either a protagonist)and giving them both unique writing styles. Right after finishing Gone Girl I ordered Sharp Objects. I'm now a Gillian Flynn fan. And she's cute.
"Gone Girl" is very well written, with an interesting approach to an even more interesting plot.  Nick and Amy Dunne are the perfect couple; he's got a good job, and she's from old money.  But he loses that good job, his mother is very ill, his father is institutionalized, and his twin sister needs help, so he has to return to rural Missouri.  Just when things can't get any worse, they do; Amy goes missing.  Their story is told in alternating chapters; Nick in real time, Amy speaking from her diary.  So that's the approach, and I liked it.As for the plot, I liked that too.  There were several very unexpected twists and turns, again made even more interesting as the events unfolded in alternating chapters.  Can't reveal what that plot was though; you gotta buy the book!But honestly, when all was said and "Dunne", I ended up despising both characters.  If that was the author's intention, she nailed it!
AND it seemed that way at first.(I am a guy)BUT - it got better as I went - and finally became greatIt give girls and guys a lot to think about and what can go right and wrong in relationshipsThere is a bit of us all in this one.
This mystery has sharply drawn characters and a devious plot that contains twists right up to the final pages. It was a bestseller nearly all last year and really deserves the encomiums it received.
I am no speed reader, so it took me three weeks to finish.  So it also proves to me that it is not a page turner.  Certainly has a protagonist and an antagonist.  But I did not like Flynn's writing style.  I still don't see why she had to write a diary for Amy.  I really had to be pushed by members of my family who kept telling me to &#34;just keep reading.&#34;  There really are no knock out twists and turns, BUT, it does make for a great discussion and, as I am told, will be made into a movie.  I may say that this is one of those books that one really has to pay attention.  It is not a lay back and be entertained reads.  So, all I can say, is &#34;just keep reading.&#34; You may find that you have lost part of your life or your life may be enhanced.  I still just don't understand all the great and marvelous reviews of this book and its' author.
Not one likable or sympathetic person in the entire book. Can't understand why it gets 4 and 5 star ratings, or even 2 stars for that matter. Pure trash.
I read the whole book, but I was happy it ended.  The characters were real enough.  The story was depressing. You have to ask, Is this what America is becoming?  I hope not.
In the first few pages of Gillian Flynn's new novel Gone Girl, I was thinking, "This is it -- one of those rare novels that's unique and totally engrossing, cleverly plotted so that each new development has me astounded and eager to find out what happens next."  Then the story continued as Midwestern husband Nick began to deal with his wife Amy's sudden disappearance and some gradually revealed details that might cast doubt on his own innocence in the matter.  During that time, the book dropped down from the level of extraordinary to merely somewhat intriguing.  However, once I reached Part Two of Gone Girl ("Boy Meets Girl"), it was like Ms Flynn kicked it up a notch, and the book became amazing again.  Without giving any spoilers, Part Two unveils some major plot twists that cast Amy's status in an entirely new light.  From that point on, the story moves along in powder keg fashion: the fuse has been lit, and it's only a question of how long 'til the explosion, and how much damage will be done when it happens.  Flynn has a distinctive writing style that really involved me in what was going on with her two main characters.  I had previously purchased but not yet read her Dark Places (after several recommendations).  Now I will have to read it, and also get her first book, Sharp Objects.  Only one warning, though: Gone Girl contains a fair amount of foul language.  This was not a problem for me, but it might be for some readers.
This book just missed me entirely. Good writing saves it from being a one star assault on credibility. I did not like any of the characters and the plot has gone too far to deserve any serious consideration. It is fiction, but I would like to able to consider some of the action possible. Not happening with this book, it builds for 300 pages and then both the author and I were looking for an exit.In the movie 'The War of the Roses'. there was conclusion of some satisfaction, this book made me feel as if the last pages had been torn out. If disturbing was the emotion Ms Flynn is attempting to convey, she has succeeded with me.
Great book! I loved the author's development of the characters and the twists and turns, especially between parts 1 and 2. It kept me guessing and thinking. I'll be looking forward to the movie.
Characters are all overblown as either crazy dangerous or dumb dangerous. When I came to the end of this book all I thought was, &#34;What a waste of time&#34;.
Gillian has two wonderful  talents.  She knows how to imagine a good story, and she knows how to write  it  in a special way.  She is able to go deep inside the emotions of a man and woman struggling to keep their marriage together, and present their situation with intense feeling,  but playful wording.  To be able to straddle both worlds like that is truly a unique gift.  And then she treats us to a plot twist that makes things even more complicated, yet still manages  to keep the linguists smiling.I would have gone on for many more paragraphs praising this book except for one basic flaw:  Although she knows how to write an amazing story, she doesn't know how to end one.  So she doesn't.  Maybe she ran out of paper, maybe she fractured her hand,  maybe she just got tired.  Or maybe she's hoping to write a sequel, forcing us to buy another book in order to finish this one.  I see that as literary blackmail.I give her five  stars for the plot/creative writing aspect and zero stars for the ending (or rather, lack of same), resulting in a three star rating.
I'm not satisfied with the ending, to say the least; but the trip there was fun. Nicely crafted. GONE GIRL is a surprisingly entertaining look inside the mind of a sociopath - one that makes me think of people we all could know and probably do. The narrative twists happened faster and more frequently than I'd expected; I found myself being led along one path with a clear look at the presumed sunny destination ahead of me, but there was always a detour that guided me away and back to hell. Recommended.
A very good book, hard to put down. It was also disturbing providing a diabolical look into a very disturbed mind.
This is the worst novel I have ever read -- and, I really don't know why I gave it more than my usual 100 pages. The plot of a dysfunctional marriage entered into by two nut jobs is highly improbable and simply not credible. I have given only one star for this review but I do not believe it deserves any!
The ending was suited to the story.  They were both crazy and psychotic.  They deserve each other.  It was all I could do to finish the book and the best part was that it was done.
This book is a marvel, at once stupefying in its masterful prose and delving into the darkest corners of the mind.  Any author or writer would kill to write this well - male or female.  It's that superb, worthy of film greats like "American Beauty."It reflects our bleak times, our lowered expectations for our lives and ambitions, and how that bitterness can be directed toward our intimates and strangers. We hope for wealthy parents who can leave us a portion of their estates to get by. Very few professions today offer any upward mobility.  Law and medicine are shrunken heads of their former glory, and certainly writing is a dying art. Newspapers, magazines and publishing are evaporating, and as the Internet opens its jaws wide and offers freebie content, the information is usually suspect, strictly opinion, shoddily researched and far inferior - and yet, no one really cares."Gone Girl" chronicles the death of the American dream and what happens in a couple when the going gets tough - and goes from bad to really awful.  From the abandoned mall to the cheap casseroles to stretch a fatty piece of meat, the author observes America in decline, many brilliant bleak touches.  Look around, there is plenty evidence to back it up, all the thrift and consignment shops opening, the used furniture stores, the Salvation Army expanding space where commercial retail estate once thrived.But that's just the whipped cream to an incredible narrative, the dark, angry stewing from both main characters, again reflecting our times - emasculated men in the post-feminist era, relegated to Peter Pans and sophomoric potty humor, resentfully seething.  They can't take charge and risk the wrath of their women, they can't be "jumping monkey" servants without being miserable.  Their wives are just as unhappy, wanting the drive of an alpha yet expecting their men to kowtow, despairing of their men's couch potato habits. The strident women who are convinced of their own brilliance, who demand-demand-demand and boss anyone in their fiefdoms, taking apart their men-children. Both sexes feel trapped in expectations, Amy in that she must stay a "cool girl" and not cry lest her eyes swell and she no longer looks pretty, (reminding me of "Us" magazine photos where all the starlets pose with their elbows in the air, making sure their gums don't show when they smile) - or Nick's acceptance of not being the classic breadwinner and doing the bare minimum to get by, drinking with his buddies and being happier there, than with his darker, true self, at home, withdrawn and angry. With either sex, today it can veer to me-me-me instead of a mature "us." We see evidence of this, too, in everything from a shrill "Bridezilla" who wants to `star' in her own wedding, to the boy-man of a Judd Apatow movie, spouting fart jokes. There's plenty of immaturity and anger (anger that's either obvious or subversive) -- to go around.The immaturity seems to have lodged a lot of us in a toddler like mentality.  Today, it's all about getting even. You cut me off in traffic, I will give you the finger.  You take my parking space, I'll take my keys and scratch your car.  If I work at a restaurant and you're rude to me, I will spit in your food.  Amy, the female lead, gets even in a big, big way.Neither lead character is someone you can truly root for, yet each page is so exquisitely written and sharply observed, that you're aboard the bullet train and zipping through lines of text to see what happens next.  You feel as though you're living this novel, you're inside their heads and living it, and the novel haunts you for days and weeks after you've finished. It's clever, it's a mystery, it's human pathology.  It's a writer primer.  (Writers, study Gillian Flynn. Forget the other how-to's, keep re-reading "Gone Girl.")The ending was perfection.  Those who need justice or a happy ending will not like how "Gone Girl" concludes.  Those who thrive on dark, realistic TV dramas will love it.  Clues to how the book ends are on page 295 of the hardbound version, how Nick needs something... and the ultimate price he'll pay to get it.I'm ordering all of Gillian Flynn's novels immediately.  This novel restored my faith that literacy can still thrive in today's gadget-addicted, 140-character Tweet-bite era.  This is a sophisticated, smart and clever novel.  It is grindingly intimate yet also reflects our broader culture.  Just brilliant from page one.  Kudos to the author and publisher.
This book had me from page one, could not stop reading.The twists , the turns, the unrealistic plots even made reasonable. The ending - my stomach actually lurched, I felt physically dissapointed!  Seriously, sounds dramatic, true, how could such a great written book end so awfully?
Gone Girl was given to me as a gift. For some reason, I was resistant to dive right into it despite knowing it was already a huge best seller, but maybe that&#8217;s why I procrastinated reading it. I don&#8217;t think of myself as a contrarian per se, but I&#8217;ve noticed that I rarely go along with what the herd deems "great entertainment" especially when it comes to movies.I tend to read as many as four books at a time&#8212;in case I get bored with one, I&#8217;ll focus my attention on another till I muddle through the less interesting parts of any given book&#8212;they all have them, even best sellers. I didn&#8217;t hold out much hope for an enjoyable read as I started, mostly because I&#8217;m not a fan of the cover and I definitely judge books by their covers.Okay&#8230; so I start reading and I can tell within the first few chapters that this may just be my cup of tea. By the first third, I become totally hooked and half way through this damn book it has become a major distraction in my life. Now I&#8217;m really regretting starting this book because I have a super busy week ahead and I can&#8217;t stop thinking about Nick and Amy. S***! What&#8217;s an obsessed reader to do? I plow through it as quick as I can without jeopardizing my own work.Rarely do I become so invested in a novel&#8217;s plot and characters, but I was really &#8220;gone&#8221; on this one. Who is the protagonist? Who is the antagonist? The depth of each character is amazing and believable in their depiction. I&#8217;m so happy that I had no expectations going into this adventure.I know some readers hated the ending despite their love of the novel, but I think the ending was a perfect complement to a sophisticated, complex tale. In fact, I hate it when I can figure out the end. I suspect readers will be hard pressed to see this one coming. When you&#8217;re done, just sit back and think about it a bit. It&#8217;s really kind of brilliant.It&#8217;s dangerous to get into too much detail about the novel&#8217;s plot. There are so many twists and turns and I don&#8217;t want to spoil anything for future readers. A word of advice&#8230; clear your schedule because once you start reading Gone Girl, you&#8217;re not going to want to put it down.Reviewed by Quinn Barrett, Wise Bear Media[...]
Even though everyone is reading this book, I found the main characters' parts, in both 'halves' of the story, far too superficial. Perhaps, unfortunately, that is very characteristic of the real world at this time but I found it difficult to plow through.
I liked the book, but not as much as I wanted to.  I put it down a number of times and read other things.  So it was not a page turner for me.  Her collusion with Judge West had an undercurrent of sliminess, that left me baffled about the nature and purpose of their arrangement or understanding.  I need someone to explain that to me.I liked the main characters of Alex, Bonnie,Rossi and Bradshaw.  Being my first Gillian Flynn, Alex Stone novel I will read the previous novels first to get a better understanding of how her and Bonnie became a couple.  I truly appreciated the normalcy that the author gave to Alex and Bonnie as a couple.
This book confused me a little.  I found it quite drawn out, especially for the first half of the book and I found the switching from the present to the future quite frustrating.  The book wasn't bad as I managed to finish it but it wasn't great either
Great book with truly surprising twists and fully fledged characters. Looking forward to reading more of this author's works. Hope the Gone Girl movie does justice to the novel.
I changed my mind several times during this book.  Very well done!  I have passed it around the neighborhood and may use it for next year's Book Club even though most will have read it already.
I hated this book.  Clever, yes, but there is not one character in it to love or admire.  Has our society gotten so manipulative that marriage has become a total farce.What a waste of my time and money, hoping that the clever plot will finally lead to a transformation of character.  But no, the people just get more and more despicable.This is not why I read, to be disgusted by manipulative and hateful people and their behavior.
This review is for the audio CD version of Gone Girl written by Gillian Flynn and performed by Julian Whelan (Amy Elliot Dunn) and Kirby Heyborne (Nick Dunne). Gone Girl details Nick and Amy's toxic marriage and Amy's disappearance on their fifth wedding anniversary. Gillian Flynn is an incredible writer and does a great job of understanding the human physche and shortcomings. I enjoyed this novel although I would have had a harder time finishing the book if I hadn't been listening to the audio version because it dragged on in spots. The excellent character voice choices added to the story and helped push it through the slow spots. I really liked the story but the ending was anti climatic. I would recommend this book to fans of psychological thrillers and other Gillian Flynn novels
I read this book over a year ago and my wife just finished reading it a couple days ago.  We both enjoyed the book and while reading it we did not want to put it down.
This is an amazing book. Great for escapism and people who like an intelligent, well-written mystery/thriller. The characters unusual and very smart which makes the story move along smoothly and quickly. The premise for this novel probes into our darkest thoughts and desires. In the end we wonder if we could pull something like this off? See for yourself...it's a great read.
Very well written book. The character development was excellent but, a little excessive in spots. The ending was disappointing but sadly realistic. I would read other books by this author just because she is a good writer. I just didn't care for the storyline or the ending.
It  will not grab you at the first sentence  or even at the first chapter.  These characters are not in the  least likable. Review after review  had stated  it was a page turner so I stuck with it.  It is a &#34;thriller&#34; in the true sense of the word!  Yes, read this book before they make the movie ( which they will!)  and you will never be as surprised by the movie as when you read this climax and denoument.  I will admit I slammed the book shut at the end....and then when I had the time to truly appreciate what I read-  I give kudos  to the author- for the twists and turns.
This book had 14,000 "fairly good" reviews so I bought it...now I wish I could get my money back.Only buy it if you want to waste your money and if you have nothing better to do with your time. Also there is absolutely no ending...what's up with that!I guess I better stop counting on people knowing good literature because this clearly isn't!
I presented this author and book as a moderator for my book club.  So many twists & turns, I could not put it down.  Loved it!
It's hard to write a review of this novel without spoiling it.  Let's see, it's Sly, Devilish, Nerve-Wracking, Original, Imaginative.The plot is mostly solidly believable, so much so it should come with a WARNING:THIS BOOK MAY BE DETRIMENTAL TO YOUR MARRIAGE, particularly if you suffer from Bellicosity, Duplicity, Perfectionism, Quotidian Nagging or any other condition which has, within the past 12 months, led to the the precipice of Divorce.This is just a great novel I had to keep reading and reading until I finished.
Not having ever read a book by Gillian Flynn before I came to "Gone Girl" with no idea of what to expect except it was supposed to be a very good mystery by a very good writer. All I can say is that disappointment doesn't quite make it as a description of what was written on the pages.There is barely a plot - and it is, in the end unresolved, the characters are wooden, the dialogue is terrible - people just don't talk like that, and the interior dialogue is even more pathetic. I have read bad books  before, but never one hyped this much that was this bad. Clearly Gillian Flynn must know someone in the publishing industry because otherwise I don't see the manuscript getting by a first reader, never mind being accepted and given such a huge budget for promotion. I guess the word that describes it best is "pathetic." Thank-fully I didn't spend any money on it, but borrowed it from the library. Whew!
It took about 150 pages into the book before I became engaged in the storyline - much too long.  It finally grabbed my interest only to let me down again, feeling like I was being strung along.I determined that the marriage between Amy and Nick Dunne was just one big game.  Perhaps they deserved one another.  I really didn't have good feelings about either one of them - not much to like.  The conclusion was very pallid, lacking any degree of intensity - a big let down.On a positive note - this book had to take a lot of deep thought to be so cleverly written with so many twists and turns throughout.  For this reason I gave it 3 stars.  However, I found the book to be filled with tawdry vulgarity throughout and it certainly didn't add to the storyline.  I was turned off early on by this overused language.  I just can't recommend this book.
I was up until 2am finishing this book last night. It was riveting, thought provoking, and darkly funny. I'll be reading her two prior books in short order.
I gave Flynn's SHARP OBJECTS a 5 star review and really enjoyed the book. However, if I had read GONE GIRL first I would have given SHARP 4 stars for not living up to the greatness of GONE.I loved this book from start to finish. Flynn is now is must read on my list.If you're a fan of thrillers or crime fiction of any kind, do yourself a favor and read GONE GIRL... today.
THEN READ THIS BOOK! I'm writing this review 1/2 way through the book and the twists and turns I've already hit are amazing! MUST READ!
I really enjoyed this book!  The author is sharp, witty, and outrageous at times.  I, too, would recommend against being swayed by any of the negative reviews, some of which were written by people who just didn't seem to get the humor and irony.  Yes some characters were caricatures, but I believe that was Gillian's intent; she has a great sense of the absurd.  Good, strong writing and impressive intellect.  A real page turner.
WOW.Not going to lie, I was really, really bored with this book when I first began it. But people just kept talking about it. They would not shut up about it, so I just kept pushing on. It took all of my concentration to really read it and so much effort it took to just get through it.There was so much ... &#34;fluff&#34; shall we say? Fluff that I felt could've been scrapped.I don't want to spoil this book for anyone, so I will not reveal the plot twist. But my GOD. Wow!!This was definitely a psychological thriller than any mystery thriller. For me, it didn't go as fast in the beginning. Everyone said to keep going, keep reading, just wait, just wait. So I plunged along and man! I knew that if I gave up, I would've missed out on a really good story. I'm glad I stuck it out. It was a good story. But it's not a favorite. Like the shock factor is there all right, but couldn't say that I would necessarily re-read it. Not to say that if I did re-read it I wouldn't pick up on more things, but this just was a one time book for me, because the big reveal, man behind the curtain is known.Overall, slow beginning, almost to the point where I wanted to give up, but the plot twist was very good, and then the ending was just so-so. It still took me for a rollercoaster ride, which everyone was saying that it would do, so it definitely delivered.
Gone Girl is the story of married couple Nick and Amy Dunne who had a fairly tale love that went terribly wrong and the revenge that follows. It's dark and sometimes very disturbing especially when Amy angrily and graphically refers to sexual situations (not the romantic kind) and when her bitterness & desperation escalates.The too long story starts out painfully slow with the two main characters each discussing their seemingly mundane lives beginning with their first meeting and the expectations they had. Once the initial crime is committed (as described in the Amazon Book description) the story takes on steam providing many twists, as well as, suspense, disbelief and absolute horror. This book gave me chills!Apparently the ending is highly debatable. I thought it was absolutely frightening. I think everyone involved got what they deserved.
The writing is fine and the structure works.  What didn't work for me - the characters.  When I read fiction I want at least one character that I would want to spent more time with - even an evil one.  None of the people in this book are interesting enough to meet for lunch.
An interesting story, told from the point of view of both the husband and the wife.  You begin in one place, are given a fairly straightforward story, then the story moves into its second phase, and your ideas are shifted in fascinating ways.  The end is unsettling; maybe that was intended.  It ends with a very interesting remark:  "you have to wake up and be what you are," which spurs thought (at least it did in me).  There are two or three plot twists that seem to have been contrived to get the story where Ms. Flynn wanted to take it, but they aren't very bad, and all in all, it's a satisfying read and a considerable cut above the usual thriller.  On the other hand it's not a lot more than a thriller, although it WILL make you think about the compromises of marriage and a life lived as a kind of wunderkind/golden boy.I liked the woman cop.  You didn't know exactly where she was going, but she was pretty well-filled-out as a secondary character.I didn't like the end; I like my thrillers a little more along the lines of the hero is vindicated and the bad guy gets what he deserves.  This one doesn't exactly go there.  Also, I don't know how the "innocent" party could continue on in their chosen life.  I would find it impossible, that's why I thought the end of the story was unsettling.Good story, though, well worth your time.
Started off not liking this but was very soon hooked and couldn't put it down. A satisfactorily twisted ending. Excellent.
Great read if....you enjoy well written and crafted fiction, witty lines, suspense, crime drama, giant plot twists, looks at relationships, looks at human emotions, looks at how the media shapes ones views and emotions, and a very twisted ending.
This book will keep you up at night; mainly to keep reading to find out what happens next. More twists and turns than a scary roller coaster.
I've just read this book in 2014. Most of you have already read this book, I'm way late to catch on. To those who haven't read it, it's as exciting as the hype will tell you. I hope you enjoy.
I am giving "Gone Girl" 3 stars, but only begrudgingly. In my mind, any book that takes me 3 months and 20 different tries to read is not worth 3 stars, especially a book written by an author I already respect. And I am not kidding, for me the first half of "Gone Girl" was a PURE TORTURE to read.Amy Dunn disappears on the day of her 5th wedding anniversary. All gradually uncovered evidence suggests that her husband, Nick, is somehow involved. Did he kill her? Was she kidnapped? What happened to Amy? One thing is clear, Nick and Amy's marriage wasn't as perfect as everybody thought.The first part of the novel is all about the investigation into Amy's disappearance, slow unraveling of Nick's dirty secrets, reminiscing about the troubled history of Nick and Amy's marriage as told in Amy's hidden diary. I strained and strained my brain trying to understand why this chunk of Gone Girl had no appeal to me whatsoever. The only answer I have is this: I am really not into reading about rich white people's problems. You want to whine to me about your dwindling trust fund? Losing your cushy New York job? Moving south and "only" renting a mansion there? Being unhappy because you have too much free time on your hands and you are used to only work as a hobby? You want to make fun of your lowly, un-posh neighbors and their casseroles? Well, I am not interested. I'd rather read about someone not necessarily likable, but at least worthy of my empathy, not waste my time on self-centered, spoiled, pathetic people who don't know what real problems are. Granted, characters in Flynn's previous novels ("Sharp Objects" and "Dark Places") are pretty pathetic and and at times revolting too, but I always felt some strange empathy towards them, not annoyance and boredom, like I felt reading about Amy and Nick's marriage voes.But then second part, with its wicked twist, changed everything. The story became much more exciting, dangerous and deranged. The main characters revealed sides to them that were quite shocking and VERY entertaining. I thought the Gillian Flynn I knew before finally unleashed her talent for writing utterly unlikable and crafty women. THEN I got invested in the story, THEN I cared.Was it too little too late though? I think it was. Something needed to be done to make "Gone Girl" a better read. Make it shorter? Cut out first part completely? I don't know. But because of my uneven experience with this novel I won't be able to recommend "Gone Girl" as readily as I did Flynn's earlier novels, even though I think this horror marriage story (it's not a true mystery, IMO) has some brilliantly written psycho goodness in it and an absolutely messed up ending that many loathed but I LOVED. I wish it didn't take so much time and patience to get to all of that...
Well written, such an awesome book takes you where you completely do not expect!!!! It would be cool with a follow up on how the family life happens.
It somewat is worth reading. But the ending sure sucked. Sorry it needed more. I would suggest a second book.
If I could give this book a no stars or how about minus five stars, then I would be satisfied. Why I read the book: silly me, I happened to see the movie trailer with cute Ben Affleck and the movie piqued my interest, the movie looks good. The book, is a perfect example of wasted minds and what parts of our society are turning into.Sadly, I have "experienced" the psychopathy of Amy characters in real life and who do maddeningly enough somehow get away with murder.I once wandered into an online writers group, interestingly enough based in Missouri, and Illinois and the East Coast, whose sole purpose was to reel in a lonely person, fake friend them, then steal that persons writing and mind break them by writing Limericks using their writing, poems and chats. Then all the other writers on the website jump on the "thread" and write how they sure "got" that poor sucker, and literally fifty people go on to rip that poor lonely newbie to shreds. And that's apparently entertainment. Entertainment to set up Limericks meant to cause treasure hunts of nonsense and the very real kind of danger where peoples lives are destroyed, they have nervous breakdowns and kill themselves. Oh, but it was all in the name of fun.These characters are sick, twisted and ugly.There are weird and bizarre references, such as ripping on Ray Bradbury, who is an exceptionally skilled writer. "The Martian Chronicles", and "Something Wicked This Way Comes", are lauded among the Sci-Fi community. I used to teach both of those and students loved him.The ending does not make any plausible sense whatsoever.Margot is the only okay person in the whole bunch. And the detective, that is it. If the economy is failing, why are the bars and bowling alley still going strong? Wouldn't Amy have any need for stitches or medical treatment? She is just invincible? Subhuman?Who enjoys this kind of madness?Give me anything else, even a bad romance (or Ray Bradbury), and I'll give it five stars over this.I can't figure out why everyone loves this book. It is the epitome of shallowness. I agree with some of the other one star reviews especially the one about needing to scrub the yuck off after the ending.
Not your ordinary &#34;who-dunnit&#34; of a missing person.  Great plot and a fun read.  I definitely recommend this book for anyone who enjoys a mystery with an unexpected storyline.
This book was fabulous! It was very hard to get into! I started it once...and didn't finish it. A few months later, I tried it again and I'm so glad I did! It gets better with each chapter! I highly reccommend it to anyone who likes twists and drama!
I read this on my kindle + audio (if you don't have an audible account, get one), but this is for my wife that doesn't have a kindle. The book is great, the ending is a bit predictable, but it is so well written you don't care.
Gone Girl: A NovelI read many comments about Gone Girl and thought it would be a change from the more staid book club selections I recently read:  Pope Joan, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand and These is My Words to name a few.  The early pages of Gone Girl didn't initially grab me,  I persevered and got to the point where I couldn't put the book down.  I told friends how gripping the story was though the sexual references and language were a bit off putting. It  strongly reminded me of two sensationalized missing wife cases that have occurred in the Chicago area in recent years.  I finished Gone Girl fifteen minutes ago and I feel I have been had.  As other reviewers have pointed out, the ending of Gone Girl is totally unsatisfactory, thus negating all that has gone before.  I regret succumbing to the hype and best seller status of this book.  I gave this book two stars, because for awhile the book was completely riveting.  Then the merry-go-round ground to a halt.
I am usually able to figure out plot twists but this one had me surprised through out! The way the book was written and the twists and turns kept me reading.
This book was a real page-turner. The storyline was absolutely brilliant and the author had taken time to insert subtle clues and references recounted later in the book.  The author also slipped in a major surprise twist in the middle, leading most readers to think, "Wow. If this is what's happening mid-way, the ending is going to be one heck of a grand finale."Nope.Now, I'm trying to write this review without including spoilers, but if you haven't read the book yet, better to stop reading this review now.***SPOILER ALERT!!****Imagine reading an edge-of-your-seat nail-biter akin to "Fatal Attraction" or "Sleeping with the Enemy," and the storyteller wrapping it all up with "...and they lived happily ever after."  Um ... WHAT?!??!  It was/is one of the laziest endings EVER.  What a monumental letdown this was.  Up until the last few pages, I was recommending this book to others.  When I got to the ending, I had to let those same people know what a disappointment it was.One last observation on the author's writing style:  She doesn't seem to know what the word "literally" means.  However, she uses it often and each time she uses it incorrectly. "Literally" means in the exact sense and without exaggeration.  For example, "It's raining so much it's literally causing local streets flood."  That's the exact sense.  However it's incorrect to say, "It's literally raining cats and dogs," unless there are actual animals falling out of the sky.From this book:Page 30:  "Their ears were literally pricked."Page 40:  "[She] literally shed herself, a pile of skin and soul on the floor ..."Page 179: "Rand, on the other hand, was literally losing his head."????Sure, I'm not a master of the written word and I'm sure there's a typo or two in this review.  But then again, no one is paying $12.99 a pop to read this.
I was really surprised at how well this book did. I guess it just isn't my type of book. It seemed very silly to me at times, the way she acted that is.Some people that I talked to about this book thought I didn't like it because I don't resd Mystery stories ?
A very odd book which on the one hand keeps one guessing, and on the other gets very boring after a while. In the end I didn't finish it because it just got on my nerves.
I have rather mixed feelings about this book. I really looked forward to reading it - I love both of Flynn's previous books in all their absorbing and dark strangeness. And while this latest novel is certainly interesting, it did not live up to my admittedly high expectations for it.It is well-written - without a doubt. The characters, in both their positive and negative qualities, are three-dimensional and realistic. They come more and more to life as the reader is drawn deeper and deeper into the marriage of Nick and Amy. The complexity that is added in the second and third sections makes the book particularly enjoyable.The length of the first section, and the blatant reader manipulation, however, really bothered me. This first section makes up more than half of the book, and by the second section, I at least, felt that too much time had been devoted to a deception. While this does help build rapport with one of the central characters, it made the second and third sections, which were much stronger, seem much too short in length and led to a not fully satisfying conclusion based on everything that was built up in the first section.
This was one of those compelling novels I didn't want to put down.  On first sitting I read nearly a quarter of the book.  I loved the points of view narrative structure between the husband and wife giving an effective character development while the story unfolds.  There was no way to predict what would happen next and I read this book in record time.
Started off with a hook, interesting characters, steady pace right into the middle. However, the whole plot turn rather predictable as it progress. The whole story ended with a incomprehensible crash, somewhat disappointed with all the rave reviews.
This book is so captivating. Everything about it is just so captivating. Starting with the cover, the title, first couple of paragraphs and ending with the last page. It is a page turner that is twisted in a unique way.. you'd sleep, wake up, eat, talk, and think Gone Girl!I will always remember this: 'When I think of my wife, I always think of her head. The shape of it, to begin with.'I remember the effect that this sentence had on me, and how it made me want to read more, know more, and never stop.I just loved the way this book describles a bad - unstable marriage, I also loved the sequence of events and the way the author makes you go between the past - her version of event, and the present - his version of event. Until they both meet in one point. The book ends in a way that you would never expect.. and I hope there is part 2. Gone Girl - part 2. I'd be the first one to buy it!My only problem with this book however, is that now my standard is getting higher when it comes to the psychology thriller category. It raised the bar too high. Whenever I read a book, i keep thinking, but it is not the 'Gone Girl'.I hope Gillian will write another book. This book will stay in the memory for years to come. It is definitely the book of 2012.Dima Faris Omar
A much favored Uncle suggested this book, hinting that it is the best novel of the summer.  I would remove the hint and boldly state this could be the best crime novel of the year.  Naming this a "crime" novel is misleading, as there are crimes aplenty within the telling of this stunning work of fiction, but they are an undercurrent.  The story is far more complicated, frightening, surrealistic and down-right mind-bending to limit it to a single genre.Nick Dunne moved to New York City to take a job as a magazine writer.  He meets and marries Amy, a beautiful, wealthy, only child of successful Psychologists and authors and writer of quizzes for women's magazines.  After they lose their jobs, their house and her Trust Fund, they relocate to Missouri, Nick's home state, to care for his ailing parents.  On their fifth anniversary, Amy disappears.  All indications being she was not healthy when she left their "happy home" and that Nick is the one who caused her to be missing and probably dead.The first part of the book is routine; I felt I had read this book multiple times: girl is missing, is she dead, husband looks guilty.  The atmosphere of this section is lifeless, rote and predictable.  Then, within two pages, the whole tenor of the book changes and what seemed to be a formatted plot became a mesmerizing excursion into madness.S P O I L E R  A L E R T ! ! ! ! ! ! !Ms. Flynn has captured and accurately described a "happy" marriage between a Narcissist and a Sociopath.  The battle that passes for their relationship is such that only one of them will survive intact, yet each needs the other in order for each to fully live life to its fullest.  This is not a "feel good" book, it contains graphic violence, very strong language and, particularly in the second half of the book, is filled with the kind of soul-robbing evil only those in intimate relationship can visit upon each other.  Nick knows he has been "had," but only his knowledge of Amy will cause his salvation to occur.  Amy sees what Nick can be and will not rest until that potential is realized and used at all times.Ms. Flynn uses the voices of Nick and Amy as alternating narrators for this tale.  The reader is given the occasion to be "inside" the head of each as they move toward the resolution that is exciting in its horrible reality.  Keeping the story clear while frequently changing perspectives is difficult, but the author does this so well that the reader feels as if both characters are talking directly to her/him without the interference of a written medium.  These voices are so clear that they are echoing in the mind of this reader - MUCH longer than he wants them to.I dreaded completing this book, as it was so well written and the story so crisp and original that coming to its end would be like saying farewell to a delightful individual with whom you would like to get to know better.  I was so relieved to have turned the last page of this book, the plotline being so possible, the writing so welcoming the reader into the depths of a situation from which one only wants to escape that I felt trapped.After reading McCarthy's, No Country for Old Men, I knew I had visited the mind of a genius, but it was not a location I ever wanted to visit again.  I have the same feeling about Ms. Flynn.  I need a week (or longer) to decide if I want to read any of her other novels.  It will take at least that length of time to leave North Carthage, MO and the Dunne home.  PLEASE don't tell them where I live.
This is a great page turner if you are the kind of reader who needs to be hooked in order to get through a book. The chapters alternate between being narrated by the husband and wife. You really don't know how its going to end. There's a lot of hidden humor about the realities of relationships and marriage. Sick humor, but honest. Very well written; finally a book by an actual writer.
I could not put this book down and found myself making time to read.  It's dark, so understand that before you start.  Read the annotation and if it appeals to you, it will not be a disappointment.  I have read all three and wish there were more!!
I couldn't put it down. Excellent read and surprises along the way. Each chapter was intriguing and exciting. One of the best books I've read in a long time.
A book too hard to put down is an understatement.  This is a book which may or may not have started with love; but, ended with complete control...a must read!
This is an unbelievable story, unbelievably well written.How couples pretend to be what the other wants and can be each other's enemies and yet are bound.  How we bring out the best and worst in each other.For me Gillian uses this fictional extreme relationship as an analogy for all of us.  One of the most poignant statements I've ever read is from our female protagonist and essentially states that there is no way that love should be unconditional as that gives us nothing to aspire to.  Love should be the most conditional emotion that exists - otherwise what's the point.  I have to concur.This novel gave me lots to think about aside from being a fantastic read.Can't say much about the story...almost anything would be a spoiler.  Suffice to say that there are lots of things that happen you wouldn't have EVER expected...
This is a well written thriller about the marriage of a seriously crazy girl and her unsuspecting husband. The plot has plenty of twists and the suspense is maintained throughout. It will keep you up at night reading and offers some good insights into personality. It is better than most thrillers and offers a few surprises. Definitely worth reading.
I know people like that...scarry! Gillian Flynn you have the IT! This is must read before any marriage agreement...In other words don't get married until you know this story and then engage for long long time so you may avoid your own personal gone girl.
Great story!this book is fascinating, easy to read, and unusual. I would never thought that it would end the way it did.
Simply put - if I hadn't gotten this for free, I would've been really upset. Awful, just horrible and insane!
Was a very different book and i could not get into it,it chopped and changed each paragraph from one writter to another i ended up giving up half way through
Hard-to-put-down type of book on a couple of white trash.  Just brilliant.Really enjoyable.The "acknowledgements" of the author, thanking her husband, at the end of the book seems to have been written by Amy
This story left me feeling somewhat unclean.  I'm glad I don't know any one who is a sociopath.  I probably will not read anymore Gillian Flynn.
It took me a few chapters to really get into this book but once it took off, it was a page turner.Very suspenseful and I could not wait to read more.  Highly recommend.
I'm not really a murder-mystery kind of girl, but this book was part of the curriculum in my Contemporary American Literature class.  I personally felt that the first half was pretty boring, which is why I only give the book 4 stars, but the last half was infinitely more interesting.  I lost sleep to finish this book.  Worth the read!
I had to read this book since it was the top of so many lists and best seller lists. I didn't enjoy the writing style at all and found it very confusing. How she switched the narrative from character to character. I didn't enjoy it at all, and I'm a psychology major. Unfortunately I found that my favorite author of all time had read this book and enjoyed it, but that just goes to show that not all books are for everyone. However since I didn't enjoy this book of her's I most likely won't be reading any more of her books. I was right in being able to guess how each character would act within the plot but that could just be luck. I definitely didn't like the way that she switched the narratives while one character was retelling an event or part of the story. Her writing style made it hard for me to read. But if your a fan of her writing than this wouldn't be the case. Also if you like somewhat dark topics and the ways in which people manipulate other people then this book will be enjoyable for you. I didn't like that aspect, also the perspective in which she unfolds their marriage was a little unsettling, but that could be because I'm not familiar with these issues and is an error on my part. I didn't find it much of a psychological thriller, but that's my personal opinion.
Gone Girl, or the amazing saga of Amy and Nick, was hard to put down.  It truly kept me on the edge of my seat, anticipating what the characters would do next.  That's a good thing!But now that I am done, I cannot decide whether or not I'm satisfied with the ending.  And the ending of a book is sooo important, as all readers know!  This is a well-written and racy mystery that ends in, gosh, a kind of quiet desperation. Maybe that's apropos of its thinly veiled commentary on married life (while the author is supposedly happily married to the man of her dreams... hmm).  Though I'm not sure it was my favorite ending, however, I must bestow accolades for the quality of twisting plot, vivid characters, and solid prose that kept me riveted throughout the distressing tale.I'll try not to be spoilerish as I make a few comments.  This is an enthralling read to discover and unwrap on your own, so I don't want to ruin it for anyone. That said:- I am mad at Nick.  Furious, actually.  Sure, there was not too much else to be done once things got too far out of hand.  But there were opportunities ... missed opportunities for things to turn out differently.- Like Amy, I watch enough police procedural shows (OK, not so closely and not so psychotically) to know that there should have been something that could have pointed the investigators in the right direction.- Finally, I am no psychologist, like Amy's parents, but I'm thinking the final outcome is unlikely even in the most tidily constructed of fictional universes. Call me crazy (not psycho), but could life really go on the way it does in the end?All of this nail-biting angst, wondering if things should or could have gone differently, brings me to the conclusion that this is a terrific book.  Why?  Because I cared (still care, apparently) about the characters.  I'm sitting here wondering what they're up to now that the book has ended! That's true engagement of the reader, and that makes this book a success.
